________________

Prologue
It was a rainy day, I was under an underpass to stay dry. My watch had broken again, and I had to use my old dogtags to fix it. It would take me a while but it needed to be done. After a bit of fiddling with it I saw that the clock was ticking in the opposite direction. How had I done that? I decided to call it a night and try to sleep the rain away, but while I was napping, I heard a van pull up and stop next to me. There was no one else nearby and I had no clue what anyone would want with me. My please donate sign that I always kept near me was hidden away so they couldn’t be here to donate to me. They had no reason to be here so why were they?
Men were filing out. A lot of men, some of whom pointed guns at me, they were in heavily armored gear it had green lights that ran down their chests and almost acted like accent lights. The one who seemed to be in charge walked in front of the others. He wore a suit with overly well-done hair for the occasion. He walked as if he were more important than anyone else in the area. The way he glared at me as if to state that I was worthless and that I was a piece of trash to him. The guns looked to be glowing on the side, as if I was looking at some sci-fi ray-gun, the bright green stripe on their side seemed to be flowing as they moved, as if it were some radioactive fluid that they were going to shoot me with. When I was fully surrounded, he spoke in a low tone that screamed to anyone listening to submit.
“Do you want to do something meaningful with your life, Mr. Dawson?” he asked gently as if he wanted me to go with him. As he asked this as he bent over and extended a hand to me. On his hand is a piece of paper, on it reads “Lab Assistant Waiver.” They were trying to get me to sign a contract.
“Yes, but who are you guys? I am a veteran; I have my rights. Put your guns away.” I replied harshly, attempting to get some more room in the small circle refusing his hand in the process. His men raised their guns it was almost like they expected me to try to fight. The man raised his hand, and his men backed down and re-holstered their guns. I felt better, but I didn’t like the demeanor around this man. I didn’t want to sign his contract or to be his assistant, he could shove it for all I cared.
“We are from ArrowSmart, and we would like you to become one of our helpers in our technology lab. You would get a warm place to sleep, all the food you could ever want, and you would be treated the same as our researchers. To be honest, we could even remove your time of homelessness from not only your record, but also from your own memories. You could live your perfect life, relive all of your favorite memories, and see those you lost during your time at war again. All you have to do is enter that van,” he told me, extending his hand out towards the van in the process. It sounded suspicious. I wasn’t about to trust some corporate scum. Then he spoke again. “You will get into that van, and you will come with us, even if we have to use force. I am not asking, I thought you had more sense than that. You really should come with us.” He sounded like he was displeased with my lack of decision. I knew that I only had two choices: run, possibly get shot, or go with them and possibly be used as a test subject for whatever inhumane tests they were attempting to do. I chose to go with them.
“Alright, I will go with you. But I don’t want to be a part of any experiments that may harm me, and I want my family to get word of this, so they can find me if anything goes wrong.” I told the man.
“We already have; they know that you have accepted an offer to join our ranks and contribute to the greater good,” he told me, as if it should be obvious. “We will give you a cell phone to talk to them on, and we will even give you one of our most comfortable rooms, to ensure that you are as comfortable as you can be.” 
He didn’t know, but my family didn’t actually care if I was dead, alive, or being used as a test subject of a death experiment. I wouldn’t tell him that, though. I needed him not to know everything about me, and if he already did, he genuinely believed that I thought my family actually cared about me. 
Before they could do anything to me the man spoke up one more time, “Before you can enter the van you need to sign this.” he held out the paper from earlier. On it was a long list of things they would be able to do with me. One of them was to be a tester of the The Anamnesis Core.
The men grabbed me roughly by my arms and pulled me up and into the van. After about an hour of driving, with no conversation or tension, the suited man finally spoke. “Legally, for the last few hours of driving, I am going to need you to place a bag on your head. This is just to protect the secrecy of our main location and to help us understand whether you will cooperate or not during our initial tests. We need to ensure that you are healthy and that you meet base requirements before we begin with testing.”
I placed the hood on and waited for him to reach his new job, his new life.
________________




Chapter One
After I finished college, I felt stuck without a way to get going again; my truck was almost out of gas, and I was out of a job. During my entire life, school had been a moving force that had made me feel as though I had been going somewhere. I had always felt as if I was moving toward my goals, but now I was stuck without a job and without anyone to help me get one. I didn’t have the money to pay a job site company to look for a job that would take me, so instead, I sent my application to almost every job that said it was hiring, just hoping that someone would take me, yet knowing that there would be few employers looking for my skill set.
 For now, my minimum wage graveyard shift would have to do. My job was as a night guard who just walked around the outside of an ArrowSmart warehouse by my apartment in Reno and checked what people were bringing into the warehouse when they were on the list. Tonight I was having a particularly boring shift that only had one client expected a W.A. What was I supposed to do with information like that? Corporate secrets are not to be messed with, and messing with secrets is what gets you fired. Right as I finished my lap around the warehouse, my watch went off: I got my daily step count. When I looked up from my watch, a blank white U-Haul-shaped truck was idling in front of the gate. I walked up to the gate and entered my gate.
“Your vehicle doesn’t match the requirements to pass the gate. I will need a name and your reason for being here. I must check the logs to ensure that you are supposed to be here.” I state to the man. He was a tall man who looked like he had killed a few people. He kind of reminded me of the guy who had been here about three weeks ago. The only difference was that this guy was more put together, while the other had been a mess of sweat during the harshest winter storm I had to work through. This guy looked like he wasn’t someone that you messed with, while the other guy looked like he was more talk than action.
“Oh, my name is William. It should say W.A. on your paper. They told me that you might be suspicious of my vehicle. I just got it earlier today to ship my important materials,” he states in a voice that has known cooing people into doing what he wants. He sounds like a person who has preyed on the weak to get to the top.
I reply, “Well, I am going to have to check your cargo to ensure that it counts as ‘Important’ in the company handbook,” but before I can even press the button, he looks at me and gives me a wide smile, “Well, I am sure that you can get away with letting one car through without checking it, right?” He says, I can tell that he thinks that I am going to reject him, so I let my hand hover a little longer to try to make him nervous, but his face goes back into being that cold, hard face that says that he knows exactly what he is doing. I did not like him.
“Sorry, but corporate has spoken” I tell him before pressing the button. The side of the booth lights up, and I see a laser go over the entire van, and shows me four animal-shaped animatronics. They are all lying on top of each other; it looked like there was something inside of them, but the scan couldn’t add any more detail to the figures. They looked like normal animatronics with something inside that definitely was more squishy than it may have needed to be. Eh, it is probably just a poor choice of packing supports. I went to press the button to let him in, but he spoke before I could.
“I can give you money to let me in. I know that whatever you just did might show something unfavorable. But you seem like the guy who could use a few bucks.” I had already pressed the button by the time that he had finished. I heard the poorly oiled gate squeal open as it did almost every day. Just none of the people I dealt with seemed as dangerous as William here. I watched him as he parked by a loading dock. The gate automatically notifies those who are inside doing a night clean-up about the arrival of the current guest and tells them who it is. They came out as they do every day, and I got a glimpse of a couple of cartoon-looking animatronics that had something dripping out of them. Did this guy use a water bag to cushion his animatronics during the ride? There were some dark stains; they were probably oil.
I turned around in my swivel chair and checked my laptop, which I always brought to work with me. I got it for my freshman year in high school, and I am pretty sure that it was going to lock me out soon with the new Windows 16. By the time that Windows 14 finished booting, I got two notifications: 


“Your Windows computer is about to expire. Please upgrade to a new version of Windows, or your computer will lose the ability to connect to the internet.” 
The second notification that I got was an email. It read: 


Hello Varize,
We have received your application and believe that you would be a great fit for your new job working in Weed, California, as a Fire Watchman, in Tower 9. All you have to do is sit in your tower doing whatever you love while looking out for fires. We are also going to have to put you into the restricted section of the forest; you will need to keep people out of this section as well. You are not to go looking out past your clearing as you will be positioned on corporate property. If you do end up going past the edge of your clearing, you will be docked a quarter of your pay. If you are successful at your job, you may have a real chance of moving up in the ranks and eventually getting the ability to do what you want on your own. You will learn multiple new skills while here, including how to live without internet, how to become useful to those around you when you can only speak through the radio, how to move information up a chain of command, and more. We know that moving for a long period of time can require some build-up, so we ask that you please ensure that you show up within two months of receiving this email.
Thanks, 
Darwin
        Just then, my computer disconnected from the internet. The last screen from the internet is frozen in place as my computer is officially dead. Without a computer, I have very limited options for contacting Darwin back. I needed to get out of this job; I needed this change. I pulled out my old phone, an ArrowSmart Achilles 9, yeah, it was a bit clunky and old, but it got the job done. At least it hadn’t crapped out on me yet. I opened my email to find that the message already had a reply. 


Hello Darwin,
        My name is Caroline J, and I am from the Rangers Thetis Compliance Group. I am emailing you to explain some of the general rules that we have in the forest.
1. Please do not have a fire of any kind outside of your dedicated campfire
2. Please do not feed the animals.
3. Please ensure that you stay within your clearing unless directed otherwise by a senior employee.
4. Please ensure that you keep bear spray with you at all times. 
5. Finally, please enjoy yourself and follow all national laws.
You may be in the forest, but safety is our number one priority!
Enjoy
        Caroline J


        I wonder how she got my email, probably through Darwin. I wonder why they send these out. This should be common at this point. You don’t start a fire outside of a fire pit, and you follow all laws. How often do people break these rules? I needed to sell all of my things, so I pulled up The Horizon, a social media app that also had a store on it. It, like much else here in the United States, was run by ArrowSmart. I took a picture of my computer while it was closed and uploaded it as an old computer that still runs on Windows 14. I state that it is in good condition and put it up for $150. I needed to start selling everything I had so that I could make it out to the tower in one piece.
I finished selling everything that I couldn’t take with me. Everything I owned evaporated into cash that I could use to stock up on reading material and to pay for gas on the way down. When everything was finally sold, I was finally ready to go to California. I packed my truck and drove down the I-5, prepared for my three-hour trip. My new job was in Weed, California; it would be a much-needed change of scene from the dingy college dorms and my nightshift guard job that I was used to.
I got in my truck, opened The Horizon, and clicked around until I found the podcasts menu. I clicked on one and started to catch up on one of my favorite podcasts, Tower 4. I listened as the voice of the protagonist told his story of corporate espionage. He talked about how a fictional company had tricked him into being in a new place with a new life, while missing a few of his memories. Other than that, the trip was primarily dull. When I looked at my phone GPS, I told myself, “This should be the place.” Then, when I stepped up to the forest edge, I saw a yellowed forest floor covered in blankets of pine needles, flowers and ivy. The flowers had enough color to make the rainbow look dull. The trees glowed with a brightness that reminded me that I needed to get to the rangers station before dark. The light from above the trees created a scattered to showcase all of the critters running on the pine needle covered ground. As I turned to walk the short distance to the truck I noticed that there was an X on one of the trees. It was yellow, like the light that the sun filled the forest with; it was strangely perfect, almost like it was spray-painted using a stencil; there must have been something wrong with that tree. Why would they spend the time to get a stencil when they could have just made the X with messy lines that could be seen the same as if it were cleanly done? I headed back to my truck and looked at my map, and saw that the trail I was supposed to take was around a quarter of a mile to my northwest. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the X again, and something gave me the idea that there was more to this symbol than meets the eye. I returned to my car and drove until I saw the trailhead. As I arrived, I saw a building in the distance, which was the place I had been told to look for. I took the rest of my driving my truck at a snail's pace to ensure that I could see the beautiful scenery and take in the landscape as a whole, while being completely alone on the road. On my way through the forest, I noticed that the locator on my GPS for my location was now a yellow cross rather than the arrow that normally filled its place. Must have been a new update from the mapping app. I also noticed that the pointer that normally showed the direction that I was facing was rotating to permanently face the cross, almost like that was the only way that I could go. But eventually I reached the ranger station. It was a small building with a big antenna on top, with a few solar panels to help power it. I got out of my truck and started to walk over there, each step reminding me of the camping trips that I took when I was younger. How I missed those days.
    The building was gray with a large silver plaque that read “Ranger Station” in big bold letters. The surrounding clearing was filled with an arrangement that could only be described as abstract. The trail, currently made of gravel, turned into concrete with two strips of wildflowers lining the sides. The crunch from my shoes quickly turned into the hollow thump from the contract's expensive design. Throughout the concrete, there were small cracks where trees had gotten too close to the sidewalk, bumps where roots had almost broken through, but hadn’t gotten the chance yet. The wildflowers in the rectangular planters were growing to the edges of their flowerbeds and were threatening to take over the concrete in the smallest of cracks if their roots ever got stronger.
    As I walked up to the building entrance, I noticed the doors at the front of the building were steel doors with a small glass window in the top center of each one that took up about half of the door. The door was heavier than I imagined but well-greased, so it rotated smoothly on its hinges. The inside of the building was almost Spartan, with the occasional desk here and there, each having its own belongings placed upon it, but guarded by the silent room. There was a small window on the wall that let in limited sunlight, which was refreshing to the open forest that I had been in. There was a name tag and some decorations on each of the desks. Then, an older man walked up to me. 
    “You must be Varize,” the man said. He wore a standard forest ranger uniform. Green with a few badges on it. It had the California State Park Peace Officer on his right breast. He had a large smile that shouted out that he was a friendly guy.
    “That’s me,” I replied, giving him a friendly smile. He seemed like a good guy who loved the place he was in. I could see his happiness just radiating off of him.
    “I am your tower officer for the season; the name’s Darwin,” the man replied. He tilted his head in a way that granted the knowledge he just provided to me.
    “Cool to know that the tower rangers have discovered evolution.” I joked. His smile grew at the joke.
    He laughed, then replied, “I have heard that joke a few times.” 
    “Nice to know my new boss has a sense of humor,” I replied. I smiled back to match his happy smile.
    “Well, I don’t take most jokes the same way I took that one. I find that jokes are a waste of time, and I don’t have time. So generally, I don’t joke.” Darwin replied. Growing suddenly serious before returning to the happy person that I had seen just a moment before. That was weird. Why would he say something like that?
    “Good to know. So, how far is my tower from here?” I asked. Trying not to look off put by the sudden change in emotion that had just occurred. He didn’t seem to notice the slight change in tone that I had.
    “About fifty-five miles northeast of here. Thirty miles will be me driving you. Then the last twenty-five are just you hiking up to the tower.” Darwin answered. He seemed to be becoming more serious in the conversation, but it wasn’t as crazy as his prior emotional change.
    “I don’t remember what tower I was told I was in. Can you tell me? Also, can I contact you if there is a fire?” I asked. I knew that he would take this as a slight form of forgetfulness, but I couldn’t be sure about how he felt about me now. 
    “You will be in Tower Nine, and you cannot contact me from your radio, and no cell service is available. So you have to contact Tower Seven to reach me. The number is ten on your radio, so if you need anything, just call; they should be happy to help.” He replied. “Does the person at tower seven have a name I should know, or do I just call them by their tower number? I heard I will stay here for five months and would like to know what I will eat because nothing lasts.” I asked. The friendliness returned to his body for a minute. He seemed to be unsure of what angle to take with me.
    “The person in tower eight is named Saran Paterson; she will be your main way of communicating with us, and there will be supply deliveries. You can request supplies through her,” Darwin replied. He was going fully into looking happy now. There was definitely something weird about Dawin, but it could just be his age. He was older.
    Ok, so her name is Saren Paterson. Or am I mispronouncing it?” I asked. This made his smile widen an uncanny amount; he seemed to be enjoying our banter now.
“You mispronounced it. Saran with an A, not an e; I have been yelled at for it. Did you bring something that doesn’t require electricity? The power goes out a lot.” Darwin stated. His facial expression changed yet again into a curious expression that implied that he was suspicious. “Yeah, I brought a box of books and a wagon to pull them on. Is fifty pounds worth of books good?” I asked. This didn’t seem to change his face. Other than the moch surprise that filled his face, nothing physically changed about him.
    “Are you trying to tear your arms off on the way or even exhaust yourself?! That’s more books than I read in five years!” He exclaimed. His mock surprise started to look more real now, but there was something that still felt off about him. It was probably nothing. I know that I tend to be suspicious of people for no reason at all. I had to keep up my face so that I looked like I was enjoying the conversation.
    “That is most people’s reaction to the number of books I read. In other words, do you know when I start at the tower?” I asked. His expression changed back into one of slight suspicion, but he seemed to be understanding of my statement at least.
    “That is still weird. You can start any day before next Monday. You just have to bring your stuff up here and load it in my truck so I can drive you there. Unless you want to walk fifty miles,” he replied. Seeming to relax slightly right before glancing up into a security camera in the ceiling. Something was definitely up.
 “How about we meet up in the morning to get you to your tower. Does that work for you?” he asked, sounding a little ominous with the question. What was he planning?
“Yeah, that works for me. Do I need to sleep in my car, or do you need me to sleep in here?” I asked, hoping that he would say that I should stay in my car for the night.
“You can stay here tonight, or you can stay in your car. Honestly, I don’t care what you choose as long as you show up tomorrow for work,” he told me in a cold tone. He knew that I was suspicious of him, and he didn’t really seem to be that bothered by it. 
“Ok than, I will leave for my car and grab my stuff, and bring it back in the morning so that I can start as soon as possible,” I told Darwin. 
“Ok, so first thing when the sun rises in the morning,” I said. 
“Ok, see you then,” Darwin said.
As I walked away from Darwin and out of the building, my mind was swirling with thoughts about what he might try to do if I left or what would happen if I stayed. I didn’t trust Darwin, but it would have to do. On my way to my truck, I noticed that clouds had gathered and it was starting to drizzle. I started to jog with the gravel crunching loudly yet wetly under my feet as the rain started to pick up. I reached my car and jumped into the front seat, slamming the door to get out of the rain as I got in. My eyes were heavy, so I locked my car and leaned back, drifting off to sleep with the calming background sound of rain fueling my exhaustion. As my eyes drifted to sleep, I noticed a figure in the woodline but was too tired to get up and investigate it further.
My eyes opened, and I was in a room made out of wood with rain streaking off the roof. There were yells from outside, so I walked to the window and saw some weird, elongated creatures that looked like they had no skin or fur, yet had a human-like build. It had long arms and legs, with hands that were longer than the average person's; they looked to be more jointed than the average hand was. It looked up at me, and I saw that it had facial features. It was just muscle over its face, nothing more, just something completely flat covered in muscle. 
It looked over its back, and there were flashlights in the woods that seemed to be chasing it. Voices cried out and seemed to be looking for this thing. It looked back at me and took off at an unnatural speed, its limbs bending in more places than I thought was possible. Almost as if they were made of cartilage rather than bone. Just as it left the clearing, a man with a flashlight and a security uniform burst into the clearing. He swept his flashlight over the clearing, looking for the creature. He started to move his flashlight beam up my tower, and I froze in terror when he pointed it at me. 
He grabbed his radio and said something on it before nodding his head and starting to sprint up the stairs to my tower. What was his plan? What was he going to do to me? 
________________


Chapter Two
When I woke, I was covered in a cold sweat, the sky was still dark, with small clouds reflecting the red from a sun too far to light the area and the rest of the sky. The clouds seemed small but were connected via tiny wisps. The sky seemed like an oversized chessboard. Each cloud is an imperfect square with puffs and curves. I checked my watch; it was 4:09 AM, still earlier than I wanted it to be, but I guess that starting earlier would be better. When I opened my truck door, I was blasted with warm spring air, pollen, and leaves. I could still smell the sweet smell that rain always leaves behind after it waters nature's garden. A stiff breeze wasn’t quite powerful enough to be called wind. A light fog rolled across the ground in small clouds that could be seen as balls of raw silk. The ground was damp and slightly darkened by the moisture from the fog. The temperature was cool but warm. It was also somewhat humid, with the cool breeze blowing through the forest. Trees swayed to a song too quiet to hear. The animals were moving slowly as they seemed to have just woken up. The trail was soft on my boots and easy on my wagon. 
    Yes, the wagon was heavy, but it was better than carrying everything I decided I needed. The slight slope that led up to the station seemed so long and steep that I thought I was stuck in a loop of the same ten feet. The tree roots were not making the trip much easier, but it was still. The gravel created a slight amount of drag, making it harder to pull the wagon on the sinking gravel path. 
The trip wasn’t as long as I had expected. While carrying a heavy wagon, I almost tripped on the concrete that marked that I had arrived. The building was still small and seemed to be greyer than it was last night. There was a soft glow through one of the glass panes. I pushed through the front door; surprisingly, it was unlocked. I never thought that you would leave a door this way that could easily be opened, though this is the middle of nowhere, so they probably don’t need to. That is why I never want to tent camp, but it seems like it will be necessary today, as I probably won’t make it before dark. When I walked in, the room was almost completely dark. Darwin was holding some paper-thin device that had green glowing lines on it. These lines created a lot of light in the room. He was muttering something that I couldn’t make out. He perked up from the device and noticed me standing there. “Ah, right on time” he said
What did he mean right on time? What was that device that he was holding? “What is that?” I asked, hoping that I sounded more curious than suspicious.
“Oh, this is just the new satellite system that the government gave us. Doesn’t really work like it is supposed to,” he replied. Was he lying or telling the truth?
“Well, are you ready to go?” I asked, hoping that we just left and got this trip over with.
“Yep, let me just finish up with this real quick,” he said as he started to mash buttons on it in a way that seemed frustrated and unrelated to the way that he was using it when I walked in. When he finished, he just stood up and walked to the door, only pausing to ask, “Are you coming?”
As we walked out the back, I noticed a strange smear on the floor and decided not to say anything. I noted it for later. When we got outside, the truck was still not on yet. It was a short-bed pickup truck, probably the best for this job, with a camo green paint job and brown trim. 
“Is this your hunting truck?” I asked. 
“Yes, I try to keep using it so that when my tag comes in, I can just take it for a day and see what I can get.” He replied. 
“What do you hunt?” I asked 
“Mostly deer, but a few other animals that can be eaten, sometimes.” He answered.
He opened the bed of his truck and helped me lift my wagon in; for an older-looking man, he wasn’t deteriorating like some older men. Once the wagon was in —with many grunts and leg strain — we loaded into the truck and started heading up the trail. The car was like the one my grandmother used to drive, with the soft seats and the heavy doors that only closed when slammed. It reminded me of my childhood and how much easier life had been before I got responsibilities. The dashboard was covered in a thick layer of fake moss, which I assumed would be used to cover the car when he was watching for deer. I realized it would be hard to find the truck at the end of the season. The drive was long and uneventful, with only a few animals showing themselves on the side of the road. At around 10:30, the truck stopped at a trailhead. And I pulled my wagon out of the bed of his truck. When I checked my watch for the exact time, I noticed that it was acting up and was moving extremely slowly.
“Here you are. This trail will lead you right to it,” Darwin said. He seemed to be proud of himself for something. He was grinning and was looking at me with proud eyes.
“OK, see you in five months,” I replied, matching his grin. This should be an easy hike to my tower. The hills couldn’t be that steep.
He restarted his truck and drove off faster than he brought me here. As the sound of it fades I realize just how quite it is here, there is no sound almost like there is no life here. The quite screams that I shouldn’t be here, it pushes me back towards the truck and the comfort of noise. I feel as though the forest is pushing me away, trying to warn me of something that it couldn’t speak of without a mouth. The silence screamed more than the noise of the truck had. This path was covered more than the last one and seemed flatter than the other trail. The trail was much smoother than the one leading up to the ranger station. I slowly started to walk and get speed with my wagon, and the ground was a little bumpier than I expected, but still better. As I walked the wheels of my wagon and the sound of my every step boomed in the silent forest, almost like every step was being tracked by something that I couldn’t understand.
Better than carrying everything. Ugh, why is this walk so long? My arm feels like it’s getting ripped off. I still think it’s better than carrying at least a hundred pounds of things I thought necessary for the trip. I should have hiked more instead of mountain biking and running on flat ground. I should have done what my friend Mitchell did, and walked around with 20-pound weights wrapped around his ankles. Then again, I don’t know if anything could have prepared me for this hike. I tried to move faster and realized that this was only the first leg of the trip, and I would be hiking a lot further today. I am so glad I brought all my electrolyte drinks and music; I don’t know if I could survive this trek without them. When I got closer, it seemed to retreat backward with every step. The building was closed, but not enough. I realized that the forest can play tricks on the eye by making things seem closer than they are. 
As I walked the Music on my phone started to cut out. Great, now there is terrible satellite signal here. When I went to find my downloaded songs, I noticed that there was a few extra ones that I hadn’t previously downloaded. The names on these songs were strange, they were called “The forest” and “listening” definitely not songs that I would download. Did Mitchell download these? It couldn’t have been him, I haven’t seen him since graduation and how would he have downloaded them anyways. All he knows is how to break down a wall with his fist. Maybe there was an update while I was at the rangers station and these were test files that never got deleted. I clicked on “the forest” and set it to play “listening” next. 
As the music set in I heard a calming lofi that had something muffled in the background. When I turned up the song I heard some strange mixed words from two voices, mine and Darwins. It was random words that didn’t make much since, I don’t even remember saying some of them or hearing darwin say some of them. 
“Don’t” “look” “now” “back” “target” “moving” “trapped” “no escape” “away” “run”
 As the track came to a close, finally ending the words I started to wonder. What does that even mean? Was my phone recording words around me? Or was someone trying to warn me?. Than “Listening” came on. This time classical music was playing; Ugh, how I hated classical music, but I kept it on just to see if it was weird like “The Forest.” I swear that during one of the louder parts of the song a deep voice that sounded wrong said “The forest is listening” before it cut back into the classical music. I rewinded it a few seconds and heard nothing. Did I make that up? Was I that tired? I didn’t feel that tired, so why did I hear that? I kept listening to see if maybe I had rewinded too far, but I heard nothing. Until the end of the song that is. I heard a different voice, this one more clear yet still too deep to be natural, it said “Don’t trust the silence.” What did that mean? Was I being warned of something? I wish I could speak to whoever this was, so I could figure out what this ment. My friends must be pranking me, there must be a new exploit that is available for my phone that Mitchell or one of my other friends found. This is probably just them messing with me. They probably didn’t realise that I was actually in a forest before now. Right? Am I being recorded and tracked by my phone or by my friends? How would my friends actively make something like this as fast as they had. They would have been watching and listening to everything that I have been saying for months. How would they have made these files before hand when they didn’t know of my new job? Am I actually being spied on by a corporation? I took my phone out and powered it off, it refused saying that it couldn’t create a backup for if it ran out of power while powered down. Since when did it need power to be off? I threw it into my wagon and put it under a few of my books, before I took my headphones off and put them in my wagon in their case. I started to go on a slow jog and progressing fast—well, fast for someone hauling what felt like a small car behind them. When I hit the first downhill, gravity became my friend for once. I gained a lot of speed and bounded down the hill, the wagon wheels clattering behind me like they were as excited as I was to finally be getting somewhere. My boots hit the packed earth in a rhythm that would've been satisfying if I weren't so focused on not letting the wagon overtake me and send me tumbling. I saw my tower not far away from me, though "not far" is relative when you're the one doing the walking. 
A few miles further, perched on top of the next ridge, as if it were surveying its domain. It seemed big for a tower, more substantial than I'd pictured when they'd told me about it. But then again, I was staying in there for the next five months, so maybe "big" was a good thing. At least I wouldn't be climbing the walls by week two. Literally or figuratively. The sun was moving a little west, that lazy afternoon drift that made everything look golden and deceptively peaceful. I guessed it was around two o'clock, maybe a bit past, I checked my watch again but it was spinning backwards for some reason. How does a digital watch say that I am moving backwards in time? My shadow stretched out beside me, a thin companion that didn't complain about the heat or the distance. At this moment—after what felt like the world's longest uphill slog—my tower was right in front of me. Close enough to see the individual stones in its construction, the dark windows that looked like eyes watching my approach. I pulled with all my might to move my wagon over the last distance, my shoulders burning, my hands probably developing blisters on top of blisters. But I was almost there. Almost home, if you could call a tower in the middle of nowhere home for the next five months. As I approached my clearing I realized just how far I had come from the rangers station and just how tall my tower would be. 
    When I arrived at my tower, I saw that it had a tube coming out of a corner of the tower, a water collector, and a shower hose with a knob. A staircase led to the top of the building, which held everything. I tried to pull the wagon up the steps and made one flight before moving the wagon to face the opposite direction and trying the second flight. I reached the top after a good half an hour and was exhausted. I looked at my wagon to see a small shed partially covered by the trees that made up the clearing edge. The shed looked old and worn, guarded by a long, rusted metal lock. It was made of what looked to be warped wood and was shaped like an hourglass. I hope that I don’t have to go into it anytime soon. 
    I grabbed the wagon handle and tugged it into my cabin. The inside was a light gray. The walls had chipped paint and minor stains on the floor. I saw a coffee maker in the corner and a big table in the center. I noticed a square cut in the center and a small chip in that square. I am naturally a curious person. So, I opened the hole. I found a paper that said, “Don’t trust Ligament.” It was a simple message that held strange information. 
    Just then, my radio crackled to life. 
    “Varize you there?” The mystery person said. They sounded female, and I assumed that they were Saran. 
    “I am here. Is this Saran?” I asked. 
    “Yes, you came in earlier than I expected,” Saran said. The radio static slightly distorted her voice, making her seem like her voice deepened randomly or pitched up as the radio attempted to keep contact with her from its maximum reach.
    “Is that abnormal or something here? ‘Cas even Dawin seemed surprised by my earliness.” I said. Hoping she wasn’t a creep like Darwin. Who knew what was up with him.
    “For newcomers like you, of course, it is. You don’t have to worry; you have four days to prepare for the fire season.” She said. It might have just been me but she sounded a little weird. I would probably check on that tomorrow and fix that up later.
“Well, that is good news. Anything specific that I should look for around my tower?” I asked. 
“The last guy left a journal somewhere on the counter. It should be leather bound with real leather, and it should be pretty thin,” she said. I turned and looked around the counter and found it relatively easily.The journal had an intreaging cover to it, with a triangle facing up and left; it was uncomplicated and missing the side opposite its single point. It had the text ArrowSmart written underneath it. 
“Hey, this journal has a sign on it. I don’t recall seeing one like it in a normal journal before.” I said to the radio. 
“Oh, the arrow that faced in between up and left?” Saran asked. 
“Yes, do you know anything about the symbol?” I asked. 
“I looked it up, it is the logo of ArrowSmart, you should know this. They are the company who has bought up almost every company that used to exist. Did you not know?” Saran said, finishing with an obvious question. 
“Hmm, I mean I knew they bought out a ton of major corporations, but that is weird. Why is their logo on a journa, especially on the last guys journall?” I asked. 
“Why not? He was a real tech nerd, he was one of ArrowSmarts biggest fans until he started to work here.” Saran said. 
“Aren’t they a tech company?” I asked 
“Yes,” Saran replied. 
“What do they have to do with this?” I asked. 
“I believe they own land in the forest,” Saran replied. “But who knows the last guy went stir crazy and ran off before he could finish his time out here. So lets hope you don’t follow the same path.” 
“I hope that I last a while out here, hopefully the entire time.” I state, but I looked out the window at the sky and saw an already setting sun on a pillow of clouds. “Well, I think that now is a great time to sleep, I am exhausted from carrying all of my stuff up that trail. I will chat in the morning and watch for fires.” I said. As I set my radio down, I picked up the journal looking at its cover and thought, tomorrow, you will tell me what happened to the last guy. I got into bed and fell asleep fast. When I slept, I dreamt of clouds chained to one large rock in the middle of a clearing in a forest. The trees seemed to stretch out infinitely, and then the rock started to shake and lift, under it was a large tunnel, I couldn’t see how deep it went but it definitely went a long ways down. The bottom of the tunnel was shrouded in an ominously dark. I started floating toward an object on the horizon, then speeding up until I reached the object: a tower. It looked just like my tower but who knew, maybe all towers looked the same. In the clearing around the tower was the very elongated creature that haunted my dream last night. This one had eyes and a mouth yet no nose. The skinless look it had was creepy and it was crouched the way that you would expect a hunting creature would; with its hind legs wound up in such a way that it could launch at any moment towards my tower. Was it hunting my body? It lunged at my tower.
________________


Chapter Three
    I woke with a jolt, then heard a static-like sound around several octaves. Then it stopped. Voices shifted from my radio and around the room, filling it with whispers of a thousand voices and languages. They made no sense to me. All I could catch was “don’t trust” in the background. I know they said more, but I couldn’t hear them. Then the whispering faded into a kind of classical music similar to the one that had played earlier off of my phone. What was happening? The song was a light tune that sounded like an array of emotions. It sounded like it was the kind of song you might hear during a gala. It had highs and lows and sounded like it would be named Bipolar. The sudden music caught me off guard, and I almost didn’t notice the man outside my window. I couldn’t make much out in the darkness, but I knew he wasn’t a hiker due to his tall posture, nice clothes, and clean boots.
    I checked my watch and saw that it was two o'clock in the morning. I am sure anyone in their right mind understands that if you need something, you knock on the door and ask, not just stand there and watch them sleep. Looking back up from my watch, I saw the man was gone. I got up and walked to the window; it was open, which I found surprising. In his place was another notebook. This one was different, there were two arrows on the front of it, one facing up and to the right, the other facing down and to the left. The arrows were almost positioned as if they were a frontlit chain link with them close to one side of the arrow yet not touching each other. The cover also didn’t say ArrowSmart on it like the first one. When I opened it, the journal was filled with a ton of scribbles and looked to be detailing everything that the guy who worked before me did and saw.
I was unsure if I should look into this or just leave it. I guess I will tell Saran tomorrow morning. I went to bed and had trouble finding sleep, as it seemed that sleep was a star in the distance or a light at the end of a seemingly endless tunnel. Yet, eventually, sleep took over, and I had a restless rest of the night. 
In the morning, I woke up to my radio going off. “Varize? You're there. Damn, you might have run off faster than the last guy.” 
I decided to reply, “Yes, I am here. Ran off faster than the last guy? What do you mean?” 
“The last guy was gone midway through the season, and the guy before was gone in the last two weeks. I don’t understand why, but I do what I am told.” She replied, “Maybe it is because people watch you while you sleep out here. Some of them even give you some weird stuff.” I replied. 
    “Seems like you had sleep paralysis last night.” She jested. 
    “When he just left a notebook on the window and disappeared like he wasn’t there,” I stated flatly. 
    “Well, did you read it at least?” She asked excitedly. 
    “No, I was exhausted, and I didn’t really feel like reading what the notebook had in it.” I answered. 
    “Ok, so you see people, and they give you sketchy notebooks. That’s nice; when I see people, they ask for directions.” She laughed at her retort. 
    I didn’t understand what was funny, but I laughed and asked, “I don’t understand what is happening. I should just stick to reading and watching for fires.” 
“Ok, I will let you get to reading. You should start with these mysterious journals.” She stated as if she were the host of some ghost-hunting show who had just watched a light flicker in a room. 
“Will do,” I said, hoping the conversation would end there. I was satisfied when it was. I turned and opened the first journal that I had gotten; it was a normal college-ruled notebook on the inside. The back of the cover had the name: Thomas Anderson. 


Day 1: Not much happened today. I saw a few do and I helped a lost hiker away from my tower and the restricted section of the forest. I also met a really nice person over the radio, her name is Saran. She is super helpful.
Day 2: The hiker was back today, same outfit as yesterday as well. Wouldn’t stop talking about how the woods are public lands. I lied to him and told him that there was an abundance of bears in this area to try to sway him against passing my clearing. After he tried to get on the phone, he realized that there was nothing out here, not even signal. The only thing that matters is that he left. Other than that, today was quite empty with only that incident.
Day 3: The hiker is back but with friends. They probably are conspiracy nuts. I tried to warn them against passing my clearing, but they wouldn’t listen. They raided my shed and took everything they could. I couldn’t do anything about it. But within minutes of them starting their raid, helicopters came, and people started to fire at them. This isn’t a normal fire watch job.
Day 4: No one came, it was a boring day, and the people in helicopters took the bodies late last night. I can’t unsee the terror on their faces when the helicopters showed up.
Day 5: They sent a special supply helicopter off to resupply my shed. But they also installed something on the trees around my clearing. I can’t find what it is that they installed, but maybe they don’t want me to know what it is.
Day 6: nothing today again. Why do they need me here? Saran is pushing for me to tell her what happened with the helicopter three days ago. I keep telling her that she doesn’t want to know. Tomorrow, if she continues to ask, I will tell her.
Day 7: Saran stopped talking to me after I told her what had happened. I don’t think she believes me. Maybe this is a test from the rangers station to see if I will tell people what is happening out here. 
Day 8: I have no clue what is happening out here anymore. Last night I saw a creature who had lengthened limbs and hands. Today I am being told that I must have been tired. I am starting to lose my mind in the indefinite quiet out here. 
Day 9: Saran today told me to go on a walk, but I told her that I wasn’t up to it and that I would go tomorrow. Maybe this would help me clear my head. She probably thinks that I am crazy.
Day 10: I went for a walk today and went away from where I already walked down the only other trail that leads from my clearing. I saw boulders being moved into place. They shifted together covering some holes. There is something up.
Day 11: Today I went back to the boulders, this time there were people in front of them, lots of people. All of them were in construction gear. I never saw or heard them come through. I think I got away from them but I think one of them noticed me.
Day 12: I stayed in my cabin today. I didn’t sleep last night. There have been people standing in the woodline all night, I think this may be the end of me.
That's where the notebook ends. All of the remaining pages were blank. I picked the other notebook up, the cover had two arrows pointing in opposite directions with one pointing up and to the right and the other is pointing down and to the left; the tops of the arrows are overlapping with a small gap between them as well so that one side of them is right next to the other one. I was about to open it when my radio crackled to life.
“Hey, have you stocked your pantry yet?” Saran asked over the radio. 
“No, I haven’t even opened my pantry yet.” I replied, completely forgetting about the notebook in front of me. I walked over to my pantry and opened it. An avalanche of dust cascaded out of the pantry door. I coughed, my senses overloaded by the onslaught of dust. It was empty
“Well, if you haven’t even seen your pantry, you can’t know if it is full,” Saran stated 
I had thought that it was just a closet. No, it couldn’t be a pantry. There was nothing in it. 
“My pantry is empty. Is there supposed to be stuff in there? I thought that it was a coat closet” I asked, realizing how dumb the question sounded after I had already asked it.
“Yes, your food should be in there. Make sure you head to the shed for more food.” She said, sounding dumbfounded over my dumb question. Her words were bordering on mocking. 
I checked my clock—eight AM. 
    “Ok, on my way out, I should fill all of my pantry before I start to starve,” I said
    “Be careful. There are black bears in these parts.” She said, bringing back her mocking tone of a ghost hunting show host.
    “Will do,” I told her beforeI placed down my radio and headed to the door. There was one board by the door that creaked. I will have to look at that later. 
    It was bright outside, and the clearing seemed covered with tall grass. A shed across the clearing had a long, old, rusted pipe blocking the door. It was strange to have a pipe blocking the door instead of a lock, but this was the woods, so who knows how this works. The tall grass provided a parking fear of what was underneath it, and the recent horrors I have seen. When I reached the shed, I found that I could quickly push the bar from the bottom out of the way of the door. The door seemed stuck on something until I saw the little plaque in the ground in front of the door. I bent over and grabbed it; it said, “Shed: stores food and other necessities.” Below it was a smaller sign that said “Shed donated by ArrowSmart Enterprises LLC.” There was a logo on the smaller sign as well; it was the same one that was on the notebook that I got last night:   two arrows pointing in opposite directions with one pointing up and to the right and the other is pointing down and to the left; the tops of the arrows are overlapping with a small gap between them as well so that one side of them is right next to the other one. The lines were thicker than the one on the notebook but the logo was the same overall. It was not as bad as I expected, but it was better than nothing. After the signs were moved, the door opened easily yet creaked as if it hadn’t been oiled in years, and the rust had taken over. The shed was in perfect condition from the inside, where everything sat neatly on small steel shelves in labeled boxes. I grabbed the one that said, “Pantry goods, enough for one week.” Whoever was here last wanted to know exactly how long everything would last. It's probably a good thing to be in the middle of the woods for five months.
    I trekked across the clearing, back to my tower, and placed the box on the table. When I opened it, it was full of dehydrated foods that would last until rehydrated, which would last me more than a week. I quickly put everything away in the pantry as best as I could without it falling over and getting everywhere. 
    After I got that situated, I went back to the radio. “I got a box from the shed.”
    “Good, what is in it?” Saran replied 
    “It was labeled as ‘pantry goods,’ so I grabbed it,” I replied. I opened the box and saw that there was more than just pantry goods in there. It also looked like there was an old camera. This wasn’t mentioned on anything that I got. “Hey there is a camera in here.
    “I forgot about that.” She said as if embarrassed. “The guy before the last guy was into making analogue horror, so he always kept his camcorder near him and he recorded everything that happened whether it was good or bad.”
    I didn’t respond to that. How would I respond to that? “You mean he was a film maker. How cool, did he make it through the season” I said, at the end of the sentence my voice started to shift to an eerie mocking tone, “or did he mysteriously disappear in the middle of the season”
    “He actually just up and leave. He seemed to have a reason, one day he said that he was going to go and set up a filming spot outside, but he never came back. That may have been his excuse to leave and honestly it has been since. I never questioned why he never showed back up.” Saran paused for a minute before continuing. “His camera being here means that he could have tried to come back or he just dropped it somewhere and not noticed.”
    “Hmp, isn’t that a bit weird to you. He said he was going out to set up a scene before just disappearing and now his camera just shows up in my food supply two seasons later,” I said suspiciously. Hoping she sees what I am trying to point at here.
    “He was, and he did, but he easily could have just dropped it for a scene before it got covered up by something. He could have easily lost it,” Saran said, denial building in her voice. She didn’t want to believe that he had been taken.
    “Ok but what else should I know about him? I know he liked to make films, I am sure that the restricted section of the forest is a great place for filming.” I said.
    “Not much. He stayed silent when he wasn’t ranting about a film he was working on or telling me about a fire. He could have just started to believe his film was real, I could see it. He always immersed himself so thoroughly into his films that I could never tell what he thought was real or fake.” Saran said. 
    “Hmp” was all that I could think of saying. Then I saw someone walking outside. “Hey, someone is walking around my tower. Should I talk to them?” I asked, hoping they wouldn’t notice me until I came out. 
    “Sure, just remember that your section of the forest is closed to anyone who doesn’t work out here. He might be your guy from last night,” Saran replied calmly, as if this had happened before. Her tone turned playful during her last sentence.
    “Ok, I will let you know what happened when I return,” I replied. 
    I walked out the door and yelled, “Are you lost?” 
The man was wearing freshly cleaned clothes. His shirt and pants were spotless and looked more like what you would wear if you were going to a casual business event rather than what you would wear hiking. His shoes were somewhere in between dress shoes and tennis shoes. His hair was nicely done in a way that says that he was more important than anyone else. There was definitely something weird about him.
    “Yes, I was on a nearby trail and tripped off the path, causing me to roll down a hill. Now I am here, can you help me?" The strange man’s story didn’t match up; he was clean and looked like he had stopped to clean his clothes before he made it here. 
    “Your clothes look a little clean to have rolled down a hill out here. Did you stop by a laundromat on your way?” I said. Sounding every bit as suspicious as I possibly could.
    “There was a river at the bottom of the hill; the water must have washed the dirt off.” He snapped at me. His clothes and hair were dry.
    “Must have been a long walk from the river. Are you sure you are lost? Your hair is also done nicely. Does your bag have hair gel in it?” I asked, making sure that he understood that I didn’t trust him.
    “Yes, I am sure. I do not have any hair gel with me. What tower is this?” He asked. He was starting to sound angry.
    “Tower Nine. Why? Are you looking for someone?” I asked.
    “No, just trying to figure out where I am.” He replied. He held up his map and looked hard at it briefly.
    “Are you sure? there isn't Tower Nine on this map” He asked as if he were confused. 
    “Yes, this is a restricted section of the Shasta woods. You are not allowed to be here,” I stated matter-of-factly. 
    “Oh, do you have a map that shows a way out of this section?” He asked.
    “No, because I don’t need one. There is one way in and out of this section of the forest. Just follow that path and you will be out of this section of the forest.” I pointed at the path I had come through when I first arrived yesterday.
    He thought for a moment, then nodded his head. “Let me guess, that way leads to a clearing in a few miles?” He asked. 
    “Yes, it does. It is just more than a few miles. You will have to walk about 25 miles to get to it, but that is what you get for entering a restricted section of a forest,” I replied. 
    “Ok,”he said, sounding extremely annoyed. Then he just turned down the path and left as if nothing had happened. I was mildly confused by his reaction to the information, and I hadn’t looked at my map to see what was on it. Why was he here, and who was he? That was my first question; he wasn’t telling the truth about how he got there. I ran back to my tower and radioed Saran about the man. 
    “Hey, Saran, you there?” I asked 
    “Yes, what happened?” came the reply. 
    “The guy out there just lied to me about how he got here,”  I said, sounding more irritated than I wanted to. 
    “What do you mean he lies to you?” She asked
    “He told me that he had rolled down a hill, I mentioned that his clothes were exceptionally clean. So he turns around and tells me that he fell into a river. But he was completely dry, and he had his hair done all nicely,” I responded. 
    “Oh, ok. How does this prove that he was lying?” She asked.
    “I just said he didn’t match his story,” I said
    “Oh, yeah, that seems suspicious, but let it be; he might have been spooked by the fact that someone caught him in a restricted area of the forest. It makes less sense now that I look at the map in my tower because there is no river or body of water near you.” Saran said
“What do you mean? He just told me that there was no tower nine on the map.” I told her.
“Yeah only fire watches can see your tower, they removed your tower so that people don’t wander into the restricted section of the forest. Don’t worry about it, he was just some kid who was worried about being caught where he wasn’t supposed to be.”
    I took a second to gaze at my map and saw that it was covered in a maze of trails and was almost unreadable. It took me a second to see the restricted area of the forest and be able to make out my tower, but it was there and right next to a trail called “Smoke Head.” Of all things nature-related, they had to choose that. It seemed like a warning of some sort of the area and maybe its history. 
I was startled when I heard the sudden sound of thunder, cutting through the silence of the forest. It was now raining but there was enough light still outside when I looked out of my tower and there was a column of  smoke rising from the trees to the west of my tower. That was the direction that man had gone. 
    I raced over to the radio and called Saran, my voice dripping with fear. “Hey, we have a fire just west of my tower. It’s in the direction that I sent that strange man.”
    I only heard radio static for a second, then, “How far out do you think it is?”
    “I don’t know about half a mile, maybe further. Is there anything that we can do to get this out?” I asked, hoping that I would be told that they had people already on the way. 
    “No, we just have to wait; there should be a storm tonight, but if you want, you can try to get everybody out of the trail and the surrounding area.”
    “My area is closed to the general public. I don't know why anyone would be out here. Plus, it is already raining over here.” I said
    There is a possibility that that guy was the one who caused it, but he seemed to be more of a general hiker than an arsonist. He almost seemed lost, not wanting to cause any harm to anyone. 
    “Is there anything out here that could cause a fire like this?” I asked, my mouth already feeling like a desert. 
    “Yeah, probably wind rubbing two trees the wrong way, or that lightning strike,” Saran replied casually as if this were nothing more than an annoyance that keeps occurring. 
    I looked out the west window and saw the smoke trailing up into the sky, leaving a black scar that looked like pure coal had made a knife wound on the sky, or maybe an oil painting that had had a coal drawing laid on top of it at one point. 
    I needed to know how long I had before it would start to spread. 
    But of course, I saw the sky darkening as clouds poured in from all corners of the rolling hills that made the landscape so preferable to other views. I watched as they slowly moved to cover the sky while swirling and turning to encircle the smoke. Only when the sky was filled did I notice that I had been watching the clouds for hours and that it was now late in the day. I decided that it was time for me to get up, make myself a quick dinner, and go to bed. I grabbed the camcorder; it was dead. Luckily, the charger was positioned right under the camcorder itself. I plugged it in where the coffee maker was plugged in. The slow blink of it charging bestowed a sense of peace in me. In the box were a few things of dried bananas and dried meat. I guess that will have to do for dinner tonight. I ate and got ready for bed, but my power went out right before I could finish getting ready. 
It was down pouring outside, so I now had to go out there and start the generator. As much as I didn’t want to go out there, I did. The rain was coming down hard, and every droplet felt like a nail being pushed into my skin. The rain was cold, almost too cold. When I finally made it down to the generator, I saw that it was an old, rusted generator that had seen more years than it probably should have. After a bit of sifting through the coat of rust, I found the handle to start it up. I pulled on that handle a few times before it started to work, but it sputtered and died after a few seconds. I was going to be here a while. The next time I pulled on the handle about 15 times before it started, this time it stayed on. I finally could go to bed, and in the morning I could finally see what was on that Camcorder. I walked back up to my tower drenched and freezing, I changed my clothes and collapsed into my bed.
    Tonight I started to dream of the forest again; this time I was hovering over the forest, and I was in front of an entirely new trail. Where was I? This trail is more overgrown and rugged with the passing of time and trees growing. I saw the trees take over the path until it resembled the entrance of the path that was on the other side of the clearing that I was in. The trees started to warp around me, almost as if they were surrounding me to stop me from leaving. Then they started to burn with an intensity that made the sun feel dim. I squeezed my eyes to attempt to block out the light. I almost missed the feeling of movement. This movement seemed to be pulling me forward. I opened my eyes only to see that the trees were now opened into a new clearing. This one had a pile of three rocks. The rocks started to dissolve into the air almost as if they had never existed. When they were gone, I was standing in front of the bunker, the door slowly opening, asking me to enter. 
I started to try to move forward when I noticed the creatures that had haunted my nightmares the last two days surrounding the clearing. There were so many of them. As I looked around at the creatures, I noticed that the trees were disappearing behind them. Almost like they were being dissolved, just as the boulders had been. Soon, it was just me and the creatures standing in the now open field. 
They started to rush around me and merge together, creating one super creature. As the creature formed, I noticed that this one, unlike all of the other creatures, had skin; it also had well-formed eyes and a mouth. It was about 100 feet tall and loomed over me, its size and features impossible to be contained by my limited view. It looked down at me and spoke in a large booming tone that was deep and filled with a bass that shattered the sky around me. Everything was lit up yet on a backdrop of raging colors, shapes, and symbols. 
“Don’t trust those who approach. They will trick and attempt to lie their way in. They cannot see the inside of your tower. You must not let them in,” it told me. 
The ground rocked under the strain of its voice. It was so forceful that it pushed me to the ground. When I landed, I smacked my head on the ground.
________________


Chapter Four
    I awoke with a jolt. I looked around for what had woken me, but saw nothing but the rain outside and realized that I had been awoken by the thunder that struck in the night. I was on the ground of my tower, just inches from my bed. My head hurt a bit, but that was probably from falling off my bed.
    But something was off. 
    As I looked around, nothing looked off. But I could feel it. There was something different from when I went to bed. So I searched as thoroughly as I could. I noticed that the camcorder was done charging, but that wasn’t what was off.
    Then I found it. A USB that was disguised as a wooden pencil. I had overlooked it due to its common look. The main problem was that the end of the pencil was made of metal rather than containing an eraser. But when I plugged it in, all I could see was a bunch of gibberish. 
FWWTBXRFWY YJHMSTQTLNJX XZGOJHY FZYMTWNEFYNTS
Ithzrjsy NI: FX-Y9-095
Xzgojhy: Afwnej Fsijwxts
Jizhfynts: [Wjifhyji] Xyfyj Zsnajwxnyd, lwfizfyji [wjifhyji]
Uwntw jruqtdrjsy: FwwtbXrfwy Bfwjmtzxj 7, Wjst, SA - Snlmy Xjhzwnyd
Hzwwjsy utxynsl: Ytbjw 9, Xmfxyf-Ywnsnyd wjxywnhyji etsj
Fxxnlsji wtqj: Knwj Bfyhmrfs (htajw wtqj)
Wnxp Fxxjxxrjsy: Qtb
Xzgojhy wjqfyntsx: xzgojhy mfx tsj pstbs kwnjsi (Rnyhmjqq P., qfxy htsyfhy fy lwfizfynts), st nrrjinfyj kfrnqd nsatqajrjsy.
Inxfuujfwfshj bnsitb: 6-8 bjjpx gjktwj wjutwynsl
Ymj fgtaj xzgojhy mfx gjjs xjqjhyji yt ufwynhnufyj ns Umfxj 4 tk ymj Fsfrsjxnx Htwj mzrfs ywnfqx. Ytbjw 9 mfx gjjs uwjufwji yt tgxjwaj kwtr f inxyfshj. Bj uqfs yt zxj ymnx yt hwjfyj f kfrnqnfw jsanwtsrjsy bmjs jsyjwnsl ymj Fsfrsjxnx Htwj. Ymj xzgojhy bfx kqfllji fx xznyfgqj izj yt uwntw FwwtbXrfwy jruqtdrjsy.
Hqfzxj 1.1 - Rjrtwd Rtinknhfynts: Rjrtwd rtinknhfynts, xzuuwjxxnts, fsi kzqq wjxjy fwj fzymtwneji fy ymj inxhwjynts tk ymj qjfi wjxjfwhmjw fy fsd utnsy izwnsl ymj ywnfq ujwnti
Hqfzxj 2.1 - Sts-htruqnfshj: Xmtzqi ymj xzgojhy gjhtrj sts-htruqnfsy, jxhfqfynsl htsyfnsrjsy rjfxzwjx fwj fzymtwneji zu yt fsi nshqzinsl ujwrfsjsy wjfxxnlsrjsy.
Hqfzxj 10.1 - Htsxjsy Htsxjsy nx mjwjgd bfnaji zsijw FwwtbXrfwy'x Nsyjwsfq Wjxjfwhm Htij 15-I
Xzgojhy xnlsfyzwj: Afwnej Fsijwxts (uwj-fzymtwneji)
Tajwxjjw: Iw. Xdqfx Knshm
What was any of this supposed to mean? The file also had some pictures on it, but the phrases on the outside were also gibberish. I couldn’t read it, and I was tired. I looked at my watch to see the time, midnight. I would have to look at it again in the morning. 
    As I was turning around to get back in bed, I noticed a small blinking light at the bottom of my bed. I walked over to it slowly in case it would set off something. As I reached for it. It blinked faster. I grabbed it, and it was a small antenna with a very small camera attached to it. 
    How long had it been there? Why hadn’t I noticed it? Who put it there? A million questions were spinning around my mind like a tornado in a neighborhood.
    There was no way that I could get any more sleep tonight, but I thought that I should try. If I truly want to know what was happening here. I would need to be well-rested. I sat and tossed for hours before finally giving in to the allure of sleep. The rest of the night was uneventful, and I was eventually able to get some sleep. When I dreamed, it was about the camera and the USB. I don’t remember much of the dream, but I remember that they were planted to get me to become paranoid in my dream. 
    When I woke, I went to my desk where I had left the USB, and it was gone. In its place was a note. 
    
    
    “You had your time to see it.”
    
    
    I hadn’t even gotten a good look at it. Now it was taken by someone. Who was this person, and what do they know about what is happening? Then the radio crackled, causing me to jump. God, I was already getting jumpy. 
    “Hey, how's it going over there? How was your night of sleep” Saran asked over the radio. I grabbed the radio and pushed the button to speak. 
    “Interesting. Hey, has anyone ever broken into your tower while you sleep?”
    “No, why?” Came the reply. 
    I debated whether I should tell her about the camera and the USB for a moment before deciding to only tell her about the USB. If I told her about the USB would she turn around and tell someone about it? Would she call me crazy? What was I supposed to do? I decided that I should tell her.
    “Last night I saw a USB on my desk. So I plugged it into my computer. It had a really scrambled document that looked like a company document. But I couldn’t tell. Then this morning I found a note where it had been set aside stating ‘you had your time to see it’”
    “Huh, that's mildly concerning. I will pass it on to Darwin. He might know what to do.” She said.
    “Ok, do I need to go anywhere or do anything today? Or is it another day of watching for fires? I asked. 
    “If you want, you can go to Bald Mountain. We normally have to go up to another nearby peak once a month to check trails. But your part of the forest is closed. So, you shouldn’t have to. Also, aren’t you supposed to leave your tower?” She said, adding the question at the end almost as a reminder that I shouldn’t leave.
“Yeah, that's right. How far is Bald Mountain?” I asked. Knowing that I wouldn’t leave today.
“About 16 miles if you take trails. I will take you a minute to get there, but if you run, you can make it before noon.”
“Ok, I will probably go tomorrow. I only know of two trails, though, so does that mean that I just have to walk down the two trails in the area when I do go check?” I asked.
“Yeah, that means it should be a pretty fast trip for you, don’t worry, you will find your way easier than I generally will when I go out for these hikes,” she told me.
“Ok. So, today I am going to see what is on that camcorder.” I tell her. Knowing that she will want to know what is on it the moment that I have finished watching it.
“Tell me what is on it when you are done ok, I want to know what he was up to with that camera,” she tells me, exactly as I expected.
“Ok, will do,” I tell her.
I picked up the camera from the charger. It was a Sony handyman, an old one at that. I pressed the power button and saw the Sony logo light up the small screen that folded out from the side. On the top is a button that says “EJECT” I press that. The camera whirs to life, after a second it makes a clicking sound. I notice that a door next to the screen opens up with a small tape in it. It kind of looks like a small VHS tape. I close the door again and I hear the camera start to whir as it starts to read the tape. I notice that there is a small knob on the side of the screen, there are two options on it: Camera and Player. I turned it to the player option, but nothing happened. I pressed rewind and the camera sang as it attempted to bring the tap back to its beginning. When it finished I got a small screen with a man sitting at a desk. On his back wall was a ton of posters all of numerous games and movies. One was for a game called Deltarune, it is a shame that Deltarune never got finished.
“Hello, for anyone who is watching this my name is Robert Fox. My friends call me Toby though. I am an indie film maker and I just got a new job out in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, and I am excited for the new opportunity for making my next film. This recording is going to serve as my developer log for after I finish this movie. I was thinking that I could go with an analogue horror that focuses on these creatures that have escaped a testing site out in the middle of the woods. The main protagonist would watch a few of his friends die out here but I am not allowed to bring anyone, so that is going to be a major work around.” 
There was a cut and the screen switched to the same man standing just beside a grey Honda Civic. He was packing the car full of props, puppets and clothes. He was truely attempting to get everything that he could possibly need. He had snacks, food, water, and entertainment. 
“Currently I am packing everything that I have into my car so that I can be heading on my way to my new job. I probably won’t record again until I arrive but you can be sure that I will record again when I am there and set up.” He said. There was a few more minutes of him stuffing a comedic amount of stuff in his small Honda. Before he gave up on putting anything else in his small car and put a sign in his front yard that said “everything on yard and driveway is free”
The next time the camera came on was in my tower. It showed Robert sitting on the bed with a notebook, probably writing out the details of the short film that he was making. He obviously knew the camera was on, but he was attempting to recreate the classic “Oh, I didn’t see you there” fourth wall break to the viewer. Almost like I had read his mind he said “Oh, I didn’t see you there. My name Robert Fox. I am an indie film maker. I have been starting to work on a new film, I actually don’t have a name for it yet. It is going to be an analogue horror based in the very forest that I am sitting in at this moment: The Shasta-Trinity National Forest. I was offered a job to sit in my tower and watch for fires, it is a pretty basic job but it will give me the time that I need to ensure that I get to make this movie.” 
He stood in front of the camera for a minute before saying cut. The next scene was in the woods where Robert was putting mannequins in ways that they would fall out of the trees and land on the ground facing him. The test run of this looked pretty sad and underrated but the camera cut to the same scene at night with the camera spinning around with the mannequins plopping sadly onto the ground around him. The overall scene looked cool but the way behind it ruined it. It cut again to daytime and Robert was back in the frame though this time he was sitting in a chair outside of his tower.
“What you just saw was the first scene that I have made for this movie. I am hoping that this will be good enough for the theatres to take it in. I mean so far it is my best work. Though there was my last one, which took about a week before denial. Lets see how well this one does.” something buzzes and he pulls a radio out from behind him.
“Hello” he says to the radio
“Hey. Anything? You haven't said anything for almost a whole day.” a female voice came from the radio. It was Saran.
“Nope nothing is happening here.” he said back over the radio. He got up and pressed a button on the camera. Another cut. This time he was in another area of the forest.
“Ok this is day 5 of recording the movie and what I have looks great so far. In the scene that I am currently prepping I am going to have a chase with branches looking like they are being thrown though they really will just be dropping with a bit of force.” He pans up to showcase a small contraption made from rubber bands and springs. It has a small plastic claw on it that is probably to hold the tree branches in place. “As I run along I will be holding a stick above me that will hit a small trigger on the back of this and launch the stick out of grasp of the holder that I have built.”
The scene cuts to a first person filmed video of someone in a dark forest, the path looks eerily different from when it had that morning with the trail being littered with all kinds of branches and leaves. At least it looked like he was sourcing locally for his movie. He rounds a corner and a creature with elongated limbs that perfectly matches the old indie analogue horror feel that I remember watching when I was in high school. It kind of sucks that all of these creators seemed to disappear right after ArrowSmart took over the country's technology.
As the creature lifts itself up the camera shows just how large this creature truly is; it seems to loom at 8 feet tall, even the person holding the camera seems shocked when it gets up on two legs and becomes even taller. Robert exclaims “That's not a person!” from behind the camera. If this wasn’t intended then he is good at hiding it. He turns around and starts to sprint. The twigs and branches fly angled in multiple directions which makes a pretty convincing scene that he was running from something that was throwing stuff at him as it chased. But then the creature jumped out in front of him and he stopped in his tracks. He turned around and another was right behind him. The one behind him speaks saying “Help… please…need” honestly this is better than any indie film I have ever seen. The other one says “trapped…people…need” . Its words seem to die before it can finish. It drops to its knees and seems to be frustrated that it can’t say what it wants to say. He seems confused but terrified at the same time. Robert has some great engineering skills or at least some great puppetting skills. 
He gasped and started to sprint past the creatures, his breathing even faster than earlier. He turns the camera around and sees them both staring at him through the shadows. Their eyes glowing against the backdrop of black. He turns again and trips over something that the camera can’t see. When the camera finishes its tumble I can just see Robert but everything is upside down. The creatures are also running towards him. They are moving a lot faster than should be natural, but they stop on either side of him. One by one they put their hands under him gently and lift him to his feet. One reaches over and hands him the camera that he dropped. Maybe this is just a blooper showing him a failed attempt at this scene? Or maybe this is the only take that he did and nothing went right. 
Once the camera is in his hands he doesn’t move, he just stands there frozen. The creatures look to the sides and say “hide” before retreating into the dense woodline. The camera suddenly pans towards the other side of the trail only to see flashlights moving towards Robert. He bolted, continuing to run in the direction that he had before only to find one of these flashlight holding men standing in the middle of the trail. His back was turned so he didn’t notice Robert. He moved to the treeline on the left side of the trail. There, no one was looking yet. So Robert slowly moved around this flashlight man. He froze again, a flashlight had swept over him. It seemed that whoever was holding the flashlight didn’t notice or didn’t care that Robert was there. Still they came a little closer, close enough that I could barely make out what was being said over their walkie.
“We have two missing subjects, both went critical right before escaping.” someone said
“You realize that that is impossible. Going critical means that they were seconds away from dying” another voice says
“Now, we don’t actually know what these cubes fully do, and we have no way to know what they do when a person is in them too long.” a third person says. The camera pans over to showcase the person who has moved close enough to get a better look at. He was wearing a black vest with a large gun holstered at his side. The gun had a radioactive green glow down the centre of the side of it. What was this movie at this point? I now can see why he hasn’t gotten big. His ideas are a bit out there.
“Is nobody going to tell me what to do with this person who is trying to hide in this bush? They are not one of the escapees, should I zap them?” the guy who is in front of the camera says. What did he mean by “zap them” was he going to shoot Robert?
“That's a negative, the boss doesn’t want any more paperwork than is absolutely necessary. Focus on finding the subjects and if he gets in the way then zap them” the first voice over the radio says. The man walks away, but he seems to be frustrated about allowing Robert to leave. 
“I should turn this off,” Robert says. The camera cuts to him sitting in his cabin looking even more confident than he had before.
“What you just saw was a scene that I made last night. I didn't expect everything that happened last night but it works for my movie. I just have to use that as the ending of the movie. Maybe I will work on making scenes that come before. Maybe I will be able to get those people who helped last night to come back.” The tape freezes and the screen goes black. What happened to him? I need to know. The camera starts to click and whir before the side door opens and the tape falls out. After that the tower was plunged into silence that screamed for freedom. The radio cracked to life, disturbing the cry of the silence.
“Varize are you there?” It was Saran. I walked the short distance towards the radio and picked it up.
“Yep, just finished what was on the camcorder, what's up?” I asked.
“I was just checking in, what was on the camcorder, anything interesting?” she replied.
“I mean either he is incredible at puppetry, has a team that he brought out here, or there are creatures and a corporate coverup in this forest.” I say calmly. She isn’t with whoever those people on the tape were, right?
“Oh, do tell me more. That sounds interesting.” she says. I want to invite her to see what I just have but I can’t let anyone into my tower or into my clearing, if she is seen who knows what would happen.
“I mean there isn’t more to tell. I can hand you the camera if we meet somewhere in between our towers. If you want to.” I say, not knowing what the answer would be.
“Sure, do you want to meet tonight at the footbridge that is almost perfectly centered between our towers?”
“That works, I should be there in about an hour. I am leaving right now.” I say grabbing the camera, and walking towards the door.
“Ok I will see you then.” she says clearly doing something similar to what I was doing. I exit my cabin with only the Sony Handycam, so that the trip is easier than the one that I made on my way up. All I have to do is to turn right at the first fork.  The trail was smoother than I remembered but I was also trying to pull 50 pounds of books that I likely won’t get to during this season. This job is so much more than I thought that it would be. The trail is also a lot flatter than I remember as well but who knows maybe that is also caused by my books. The trail had just as many roots as I remember but they seemed to thin up the closer I got to the fork in my trail. The fork itself isn’t anything special, but you can see the bridge from it. I check my watch and it says that it has only been forty minutes. I am early. Luckily there is a bench just off of the trail. As I sit down I notice that there is something under the bench. I set down my camera on the bench and reach to grab the object
It's a small tin, it's rusted and looks like it has been here for a long time. I try to open it using the lid but it is stuck. This is going to take a while. As I am working the metal bends and creaks, small cracks form along its rusted structure. Until it snaps wide open rust sprays all over my hands and covers them like flakes of dried blood. Inside of the tin is an image. This image shows a lab, complete with stasis chambers and Sci-Fi looking rooms. What was this and how long has this image been here? 
Suddenly I am grabbed from behind and dragged under the bridge. 
“Varize?” comes a voice from above the bridge. All I can make out is a dark shape from between the boards, nothing more.
I try to yell “I am down here” but whatever dragged me under the bridge puts a hand over my mouth and tightens its hold on me. Its fingers are longer than I would expect from a kidnapper but its arms are also very long. What grabbed me?
“Varize?” She sounds desperate. “Where are you?” I watch a silhouette walk off of the bridge in the direction of the camera. “Did you already leave?” she says somewhat quietly. She must be disappointed. I see the figure start to make their way back across the bridge. I struggle against the grip of the person who grabbed me but they have an iron grip. I try to yell but it comes out as a muffled moan, the figure stops short and turns but they continue on like nothing happened. I am held there for what feels like hours, though the sun doesn’t even shift in the sky, when it finally lets go. There is no point in running towards Saran because she is probably long gone by now. I turn around and my breath catches. 
It is a tall figure, far taller than should be possible, everything on it is elongated; its hands and feet look just like the creature from the tape but the creature itself has more skin than the one in the tape. It looks like this one is more of a mannequin than the other one. That's impossible though, Robert isn’t in the forest anymore so he can’t be doing this. This thing has to be a prank but who would hold me down here for a long time causing me to miss my meeting with Saran. It opens a mouth that splits open like flesh being ripped into a mouth. Its teeth are long and uncanny almost as if they were stretched with everything else. 
“Don’t trust anyone” It says. Its voice is a deep rumble that fills the air with the boom of an impossible bass. Its face almost looks like it is smiling but the smile is something that you would see in The Smile Tapes, sadly that, like everything else on YouTube, has been erased. I open my mouth to speak but it dashes off at an impossible speed. It is gone before I can ask what it meant.
I started to dash back to my tower hoping that I could make it there before Saran started to get suspicious. The forest flies by and I get the feeling that this won’t be the last time that I move as fast as possible somewhere. By the time that I get to my tower I slam the door closed and notice a large bottle in the shape of a skull. I didn’t put that there. There are more important things to worry about. I rush over to the radio and try to radio Saran.
“Saran come in.” I say into the radio, but there is no answer. “Saran, Please reply” again no answer. She thinks that I abandoned her just like every other fire watch that has taken this job. I grab my phone off of the side table and open up The Horizon. I hope that I can access my downloaded music and that the app doesn’t crash. Surprisingly the app boots straight into my music and I press shuffle on my music. The first track that starts out of my phone is Eternal DESTROYER by AJ DiSpirito. Its fast paced and chaotic beats fill the room. This was always one of the better scenes in Murder Drones. My phone goes into what ArrowSmart calls “Enjoyment Mode” which just means that music haptics get enabled and that the screen starts to flash colors with the song. 
I turn my attention to the window hoping to wait for Saran's reply, the beat creating a chorus of doubt and worry in my head. Unknowingly I reach for the bottle that is right beside me. The label on the cork says “45% Russian Vodka”. I look over to my phone which helpfully says “We hope that your Enjoyment is blooming. Current song: N’d of Me” before starting to play the soft rock tune of Electrical Ink started to fill the room. My phone had less chaotic lights and haptics for this song, until about a minute in when the song picked up. I looked around and noticed the journal that I had gotten just a few days earlier. 
I opened the cover and instantly was hit with credentials.
“Username: j.doe@arrowsmart.com
“Password: Arrow2025”
Directly below it was an image of a person holding a cube in a stasis chamber. They had various tubes snaking out of their flesh connecting to the exterior chamber. The room they were in was dark with the stasis chamber creating most of the light in the room.
Suddenly my phone dies and all sounds stop. My tower is plunged into an ocean of silence once more. My radio crackled, making me jump.
“Varize are you there?” comes a voice over the radio. I walked over to the radio and picked it up.
“Yes, I contacted you a bit ago but you didn’t pick up.” I replied, hoping that it didn’t come out as rude.
“You ditched me during our meeting earlier. Where were you?” she sounded pissed.
“I was being held under the bridge trying to call for help that you ignored.” I said back, becoming defensive. I look out of my window and my face drops. There is a figure among the trees just staring at me. Their body is an anomaly along the perfect artistic painting of the sunset. “There is someone in the treeline of my clearing” I say, sounding somewhat panicked.
“You are just being paranoid. Maybe that is why you were under that bridge” she says, still sounding angry. Not even noticing the mention of the person outside of my window. The person was moving, just very slowly. It was almost like they were attempting to move slow enough that it couldn’t be seen.
“No I am not, they are slowly walking towards my tower's staircase.” I say sounding even more panicked.
“I know that isn’t true. There is no way that someone could be making their way to your tower right now. The forest is empty over there.” she says trying to make me admit to lying about this person who by now was almost to the stairs. They seemed to move faster when I wasn’t watching.
“They are coming up my stairs right now.” I tell her my panic is palpable in the room I am standing in. I lose sight of the figure and within about 10 seconds they are at my door. They knock politely at the door before opening the door slowly.
“What are you going to tell me that they are in your tower right now?” she says, still clearly angry, and not phased by this person's existence. I press the speak button down so she can hear what is happening. The door creaks loudly and for a long time. By the time it is fully open I notice that the figure standing in my doorway has no face. They only have a flat slab of skin where their face should be. It looks like my first attempt at modeling a person in blender, just too realistic to be possible. I drop the radio, hoping that she will understand my terror. 
“Did you really just open your own door to scare me? Do you think I am stupid or something?” she says. The creature just stands there. Not moving in anyway. I will never sleep easy again after this job.
 I reach down for the radio, not taking my eyes off of the creature hoping that it doesn’t attempt to attack. I feel around for a second before lowering my eyes just enough to find the radio. When I look up it is gone. My door is still open but the creature is no longer in my tower. I start to turn wildly hoping to catch some glimpse of it but I don’t see it anywhere. I try to look outside but everything is obscured by the reflection on my window from the light in my tower. 
“Please just listen to me.” I tell her, but just like Frisk from Undertale she refuses.
“No you just abandoned me with this creepy video tape, along with this broken tin and this small picture. You don’t get to be listened to. I don’t care what you have to say. You should have been there.” she says the anger in her voice cranking to an all time high.
“I was there. Right before you got there I was pulled under the bridge by something that told me not to trust anyone. You have to understand that I was there. I tried to yell, you even froze for a second before leaving me under that bridge with whatever that thing was.” I tell her, the adrenaline from today finally breaking. Why haven’t I left yet?
“What?” she asked, her voice breaking slightly. It seems that that was all that I needed to get through to her. I lean over the counter and click the small button at the bottom of the windows. Nothing happens so I press the button and push against the glass, it swings upwards and shows that the forest where whatever that thing was is empty with nothing outside. Where had it gone?
“I tried to get help when you were at the bridge but you ignored me. My muffled cry was left unanswered.” I said, hoping I didn’t sound too desperate. My tower was already starting to get cooled off with the scent of the forest invading the tower's inner walls. 
“That couldn’t have been you, there was no one out there. That was just the wind.” she says, denial filling the line between us. She doesn’t want to believe that I was actually stuck under a bridge.
“In the morning I am still going to go check the trails. Honestly I don’t care whether you believe me or not at this point” I say to her, knowing that she will likely talk herself into a “just the wind” explanation. 
“I am also going to head off to bed so good night.” I say, she likely isn’t going to realize how late it is getting yet.
“Not yet, you have some explaining to do. What was under there with you? Why didn’t you try to yell again?” she asked, still sounding stubborn but more like she wanted to know what was happening.
“I honestly am exhausted. Can I explain tomorrow morning while I am checking my trails?” I ask her. I just want to sleep at this point.
“No, I would like answers tonight.” she says with a ferocity that I didn’t realize existed. She truly wanted these answers.
“Well it was a creature where all of its limbs were elongated beyond what should be possible. Almost everything about it was elongated.” I say dryly. Can she leave me alone yet? I set the radio down and close the window. The door is also open so I shut and lock that too. 
I am about to turn off my light when Saran says “Is that what you actually saw?” I wanted to ignore her but I knew she would radio all night about it so I walked over and picked my radio up.
“Yes, that is exactly what I saw.” I say, sounding slightly annoyed this time. I just need to sleep. I could easily answer any questions after I get some sleep tonight. She doesn’t reply for a minute so I turn off my radio and turn off my light before collapsing into my bed. I am almost asleep instantly.
Tonight I am in a lab. I am standing in a hallway with reinforced glass on either side. To my right are the elongated creatures, looking more like what I saw earlier with their elongated, skin filled bodies. They seemed to be attempting to get out to no avail. To my left are the faceless creatures that look just like normal people. They don’t move until I look away but they seem to be ramming against the glass. In front of me is a large switch; it looks like a large industrial switch covered in black and yellow striped tape. When I turned around there was only an empty void. Nothing for anyone and no way to escape. Returning my gaze to the switch, I decide that it can’t be that bad as it is the only thing to do here. I walk forward, the air becoming thicker as I get closer to the switch. I am struggling to move by the time that I make it to the switch. When I grab my hand around the cold handle of the switch the air instantly loosens its grip on me allowing me to slam the switch down. 
Suddenly the lights in the room start to flash red and alarms start to go off. I noticed that the glass was splitting down the centre to open and release what was in those cages. The elongated creatures jump forward almost sensing the move that the faceless creatures are about to move. In the flashing lights of the hallway I see them combine into a barrier that fuses with the wall. I can hear the wet slapping of the faceless creatures behind them as they face a new obstacle to get to me.
“The trail is a trap, yet it is the only way forward. If you want to ever leave this forest it is the only way to move.” The elongated creatures say as one, creating this loud boom that seems to scare off the faceless creatures for a minute before they slam through the elongated creatures and lunge at me.
________________
Chapter Five
I woke up with a start. The sun was shining unlike every other day that I have woken from a nightmare. I look at my watch, 7:22. That can’t be right. I jump upright and go to my desk expecting some discovery or mysterious gift but there is nothing there. It is empty with only my radio and dead phone on it. I should have brought a charger. The sun should charge it a bit though so lets hope that the screen is clean enough to charge in sunlight. I turn on my radio.
“Varize pick up the fucking radio. I swear to god if you turned off your radio last night then I will have Darwin send at least two rangers to your station to beat your ass.” she says. She sounds livid. Maybe turning the radio off last night wasn’t my best idea.
“I am here, and yes I did turn off my radio because I was tired and didn’t want to answer any more questions.” I say calmly.
“Ok, then tell me that. Don’t just ghost me for 8 hours.” She says, sounding like she is now beyond livid.
“Well I am going to leave right now to check on the trails. I will bring the radio along just for you.” I said, hoping she understood that I really needed to get going if I was going to get through the trails in time.
    Then I packed a hiking bag and started on my walk out through the only trail that connected to my tower. My map said it was slightly south of me. So I took the trail that I hadn’t gone to yet. The trip was mostly uneventful except for the golden beams of sunlight that would twist and twirl as the wind caught the branches. I jogged down the rugged trail and saw surprisingly few animals. This part of the forest seemed uninhabited by nature, even though nature was everywhere and nowhere. 
While walking, I heard my radio go off, a strange buzzing sound that made my ears hurt. It was almost a wail, and it was loud. I didn’t know what to do, so I tried to talk into it to see if anything was going on.
“Hello?” I asked, hoping for a reply, but I received nothing, just the wailing. I clicked the radio to a different signal, but it was the same noise. It only stopped after a couple of minutes when it switched to a distant, almost creepy lo-fi that echoed along the path and seemed to come from everywhere at once. Not knowing what to do, I called Saran’s signal again to no avail, just the lo-fi. I couldn’t get rid of it, so I kept walking, hoping that I would lose the wild signal. 
After about three miles, it stopped, without fanfare or any fading, just stopped as someone had just turned off the music. At this point, I had started to get used to the music and had almost started to calm down, but the sudden stop of it had caught me off guard. There was no peace from this forest. I decided that I would give Saran’s signal another try.
“Hello?” I asked again
Nothing this time, I just got normal static of someone who wasn’t there. I guess I would tell her the moment she got back to her radio. Then I noticed something on the ground. A jacket, the same jacket that the strange man I had seen was wearing. It could have been just a coincidence, but I wasn’t going to think that. Jumping to conclusions, probably a little too early, I immediately called Saran back up.
“Saran, I found something,” I stated a little too quickly.
“What, this is the second time since you left,” she stated, sounding slightly irritated.
“I just found the jacket of the strange guy who was at my cabin the other day,” I stated lamely.
“Oh, uh, is there anything else there?” she replied, sounding shocked.
“No, it looks like it is just the jacket. Also, what do you mean by the second time since I left? I have tried to connect since my radio started to spit out music.” I stated
“Music from your radio, are you sure that you heard music, not static?” she asked back. She sounded cautious, she didn’t fully believe me.
“I am sure it started without me doing anything, and it was on all channels. I couldn’t get rid of it,” I replied.
“Did you try to turn off your radio? Just like you did last night” she asked. Adding a snarky comment at the end that nipped at me like an angry chihuahua nipping at someone's heels.
“I honestly didn’t even think of that,” I replied.
“Hmm, your radio must have picked up a rogue signal.” She stated matter-of-factly.
“Well, I probably should move in case he comes back for it,” I stated.
“Ok, enjoy your hike.” She replied.
As I set out down the trail once more, I noticed that a considerable amount of time had passed since I had left. It looked like it was almost noon. This was going to be a long rest of the hike. The whole trail started to look the same. Though about 15 minutes after finding that jacket I looked out into the treeline and saw a figure. This one had facial features but I couldn’t make them out. I walked over to it to see what it was and found that it was just a mannequin that was covered in poison ivy and looked like it had been out here a while. On the back there was sharpie writing that said “Property of Robert Fox” the writing was slightly faded and seemed to be reinforced through the refusal for anything to grow over it.
After about an hour of hiking, everything around me finally starts to look different, I come across a clearing with a strange rock formation in it. This had seemed almost man-made and looked out of place in the layers of tall grass that had grown over the trail markers. It looked like three boulders moved together to form a pyramid. If it had been made by a person, it would have been made a long time ago and had been left to be looked at and wondered about. The boulders had some ivy growing on them so maybe they haven’t been touched in a while. Just as I was preparing to continue into the next part of the trail, the ground started to rumble slightly, making the trees nearby shift as if out of discomfort. It seemed that there was going to be an earthquake right now, of all times. I was glad that I had stopped at the boulders and hadn't gone on with the trail. 
So I ran from the tree line and sat a little bit away from the boulders and watched two jeeps emerge from them. The boulders themselves were moving, these aren’t natural, that is very much clear now. Not knowing what to do, I crouched lower and attempted to hide in the tall grass that had covered most of the ground. The two jeeps speed off down the trail toward my tower. Then the rumbling had stopped, and I assumed that I was not supposed to be here right now but I went in for a closer look anyway. These boulders were made out of concrete, so they should be cracked and such right now if they have been out here for a long time. I touch the ivy and realize that the ivy is made out of plastic. Nothing about these boulders are natural, not even the ivy that makes them look more natural than they otherwise would. It starts to rumble again and I notice that a large gap in the boulders is closing up. I run to the slowly closing entrance and enter, inside of the boulders is a large concrete industrial hallway that goes deep into the dirt. 
Click. 
The light above me turns off. I start to move down the hallway as lights start to turn off one by one. After about 5 lights turn off they start to get faster making it so that I have to run to keep up with the light. At the end of the concrete tunnel is an underground parking lot, filled with jeeps that are way bigger than they need to be, they have an arrow pointing up and to the left on the side of every jeep. They all had the ArrowSmart logo. What was a tech company doing out in the middle of the woods?
There is a loud grinding sound and I notice that a security door is opening up. I run to the nearest jeep and climb into the back. There is a large pile of stuff in the back covered by a tarp. Before I can think about it I throw the tarp over me. From under the tarp I can see everything inside of the jeep. There is no steering wheel and there isn’t a dashboard. Just a flat screen that covers the entire front of the jeep. The windshield has a holographic display on it showcasing the time and the destination: “Surface Grid Relay Alpha.” What did that mean? Below said “Route: Outpost 3 → Tower 9 clearing → Surface Grid Relay Alpha”
I can hear four people talking to each other nearby but I can’t make out what they are saying. But as they get closer their conversation becomes less muffled.
“Hey Kane, you try the ‘enhanced’ coffee today?” one of them says, it sounds kind of jokey, the way you would talk to a friend.
“No, Thacher, I don’t want to have tracking devices in my blood. How about you Mike?” says another one, probably Kane.
“Why would I, they just want to take it out of our pay at the end of the month.” says a third one, who I am assuming is Mike.
“You shouldn’t worry about that, Mike. They pay a lot of money for us to go out daily and look out the window while their jeep does the driving for us.” a female voice says.
“Oh come on Amber, are you really trying to sweet talk Mike, he already told you no before.” Thacher says.
“Really Thacher, you only work here because you failed your job as a policeman in Mandela County. How many people died there before ArrowSmart got involved?” asks the female who I am assuming is Amber.
“You really want to talk about my failures, how about Yosemite Forest Amber? How many people had to suffer that fire before ArrowSmart got involved?” Thacher says, this is getting interesting. 
“Whoa, chill out you two, we all know that you are sensitive about your previous employment, but you really need to stop going for each other's throats.” Kane says. He sounds like the voice of reason in this friend group. “You guys hear of the newest test ArrowSmart is doing?” Kane says attempting to change the subject.
“What?!” Amber exclaimes, she is clearly interested to hear more.
“Yeah, wasn't that the one that makes people smile uncontrollably while their brain starts to become psychopathic? I heard that one of the subjects got out and killed a few researchers.” Mike says, he sounds like he doesn’t like this one.
“No, that one got shut down I believe. I am talking about the new simulation cubes. They call them the Amnethist Core I believe, another name that I have heard used for them is the Forever Cube” Kane says. Is he really just spilling company secrets without knowing who is listening? I mean I am not supposed to be here so they don’t know about me either.
“Isn’t the newest forest watch scheduled to get picked up for that in two weeks?” Thacher asks. Then the doors on the jeep start to open and I see four people get into the seats. Amber is in the backseat on the right side, the guys in the car don’t scream their names. 
“That sounds like that one show from a few years ago, what is it called? Oh right it was called The Amazing Digital Circus. It was by a company called Glitch Productions. It was about a group of people who had their minds trapped in a simulation with an AI overlord. I don’t know what happened to the glitch or gooseworx though.” Amber says. I recognized the show, I watched the pilot and thought it was ok at best. Though they did a great job with the ending. At least I know that Amber is a fan of Indie Animation.
“Should we listen to some music?” Kane asked, he is sitting where the driver seat would normally be. The jeep starts to move it is fairly slow
“That depends, are we going to listen to Everything is Fine by The Living Tombstone again?” Thacher asks
“Of course not, I was thinking of “Glitch” by Fabvl or" I Think Therefore I Am "by JT Music. What do you guys think, we can listen to "Out Of My Mind" by CG5 if you guys want?” Kane asks, obviously trying to not make his friends angry again.
“What about “Spend The Night Alone”  by The Longestsoloever?” Mike asks.
“Nah we should Listen to Discord by The Living Tombstone,” Thacher says.
“Arrow Put all of our song suggestions in a playlist and shuffle it.” Amber says, ending the argument immediately. 
Over the speakers a voice says “Would you like me to add any other songs maam?”
“Hmm, what about We Are Number One Dunderpatrullen Remix ” Amber says to the jeep.
“Song added; Starting playlist.” Arrow says. The speakers started to pump out We Are Number One, but it didn’t sound like the version that I knew. Almost immediately everyone in the vehicle started to sing along. They sounded horrible, they definitely should only sing as a friend group. Though I can’t be talking because I am probably as bad as them at singing. Their voices crack as they sing along with the song it is honestly kind of painful to listen to. By the time that we make it out of the tunnel the song is practically over and the jeep starts to finally pick up some speed as it goes down the trail.
They all share a small laugh once the song is over but the next one almost immediately picks up. It is “Glitch” by Fabvl, which I have to stop myself from joining into the festivities because I really like this song. This one they are a bit better at singing but they still kind of suck. This song is a bit longer so I have to put up with their bad singing for a little longer before Kane pauses the music and says:
“Hey how come Amber gets her song immediately, where as me who has the most songs in this playlist gets second?” 
“Maybe you should just put the music back on, Arrow chose the song not us” Thacher said.
“Fine, Arrow continue playing the music.” Kane says.
The song comes to a close shortly after Kane's small outburst, and “I Think Therefore I am” started to play Amber and the guy next to her who I was assuming is Mike started to chuckle noticing that this was another song that Kane requested. As soon as the vocals came in Kane started to sing them before trailing off noticing that he was the only one singing. Then everyone else started to sing it after laughing at him. The cart pulls to a stop and everyone stays in for a second to continue singing. I start trying to get out of the jeep and go unnoticed as they open their doors and sit inside continuing their jam session. Once I am out I run to the treeline as everyone finally starts to file out of the vehicle. In other circumstances I could be great friends with these people. But maybe another day I can talk to them. I crouch in a bush and watch them start to pull cameras and microphones out of their jeep. 
The song switched again but I couldn’t make much of it out. It could have been a plethora of different songs but from the fact that everyone froze and stared at the cart almost immediately after it started. Made me realize that they didn’t add this one. Amber who was closest to me started to chuckle, she obviously recognized the song, before returning to work. Everyone else just went back to work. I started to slowly back away from the group so that if anything went off I would have a small buffer before they noticed anything. I made it to the next bush back before my radio went off.
“Varize how is your spooky forest that is full of monsters” Saran says over the radio. I grab it off of my waist band and press the speak button so that I can tell her that now isn’t the best time.
“Um there are people outside my tower putting up cameras and microphones.” I say. Sounding slightly panicked
“Calm down, they are probably just the men that Darwin sent after I let him know about your faceless person encounter. They are just there for your safety.” She says, calmly almost like she is trying to sooth me.
“Well they are in an armored ArrowSmart jeep that came from deeper into the forest rather than from the ranger station or the highway.” I tell her.
“Hmm. They are the biggest tech company in the United States, so they can’t be bad.” she says. I look over at them, I don’t see them as bad, but that might just be because I rode with them all the way from the boulders. But they do have pistols holstered on their hips.
“I mean they have guns on them and they have other parts in their jeep that don’t look like normal tech parts.” I say.
“So they are in the middle of the woods, don’t tell me you didn’t bring a gun to fend off your tower.” she says.
“I didn’t bring a gun because I wasn’t told that I needed one.” I say diligently. I watch as Amber turns around and walks towards another part of the clearing. All of them are now much farther from me.
“Hmm, well this area is known for bears, but a gun might not save you there.” she says thoughtfully, “maybe you should attempt to talk to these people?” The song changed again. The group seemed to relax a little. I took this as my opportunity.
“I am going to try to talk to them. If I don’t speak for about 1 hour then radio me asking how it is going. Don’t make them worry that you know anything.” I say to the radio hoping she takes my advice. Then I click it back into the waist band on my pants. I start to sneak around the clearing to the side where the main entrance is to my area. It isn’t as far as I thought it would be but that makes it faster to get there. I step out of the treeline a little ways down the trail and walk back towards my tower. When I rounded the corner everyone who was there is now in maintenance outfits rather than their ArrowSmart gear. 
“Hello.” I say loudly while I walk into the clearing. They all turned and faced me, clearly surprised that I was already back to my clearing. Amber raised a hand and waved back so I walked over to them.
“Hello, can I help you?” Kane asked.
“I am just coming back to my tower after a routine check of the surrounding trails” I say trying to sound as friendly as possible. “If you don’t mind me asking, what are you guys doing with all of that equipment?” 
“Oh we are just putting this up because you reported seeing unexplainable creatures out here. Honestly I came out here a few years ago and I have seen some pretty crazy stuff” Thacher says. “We wanted to come out here and put some cameras up that will turn on a light in your tower when they see movement.” The music is still pumping out of their jeep. “Everything Is Fine” by The Living Tombstone filled the air.
“Oh that's a good song, ‘Everything Is Fine’ by The Living Tombstone, right?” I ask innocently. They don’t even notice, they actually start to act like I am a friend to them.
“You know this song too?” Amber asks, seeming amazed that they aren't the only ones who know the song.
“Yeah, I kind of prefer ‘Fight Till I'm Good Enough’ though.” I say.
“Oh, really. I guess you are more of a Murder Drones fan?” Mike asks
“Yeah, that is actually my favorite show.” I replied.
“Oh really, I preferred T.A.D.C.” Amber says.
“Hey I am going to go up and install this in your tower real quick.” Thacher says while holding up a small circuit board. It had a simple plug for a wall outlet and looked easy enough to install. I remembered what the elongated creature said in my dream the other day. “Don’t let them see the inside of your tower”
“I can do that. It shouldn’t be too hard to plug in. you guys can just finish what you guys need to down here.” I say getting nervous, they might see that. I walked over to Thacher and held out my hand.
“I don’t think that will be necessary.” Thacher says coldly.
“Sorry, there is a regulation that they put in place recently where no one but park rangers are allowed into the towers, not even maintenance workers.” I say trying to sound convincing.
“Your boss Darwin actually signed a direct order overriding that rule. Look man, we just need to go up into your tower and calibrate this really quickly. If it's messy up there I understand but I need to get my job done or no one here gets paid” Thacher says.
I look at his face really hard, looking like I recognise him. “Wait a minute your Officer Thacher, right. The old officer from mandela county that struggled to solve a serial murder case. Yeah I think that is you. Is that what you were talking about when you said you had seen some crazy stuff?” I asked
“You shouldn’t know about that. Plus what do you know about people who steal the faces of others to become other people? We weren’t dealing with a normal serial killer out in Mandella, this was a group of highly sophisticated skinwalkers. You can’t stop a skinwalker by being a police officer. Those people died because we underestimated the situation and didn’t realize how bad things had gotten. You should be grateful that those things never left Mandella.” he said, starting to get really angry. “What do you know about being a police officer, you were just a lowly security guard at a warehouse before this. You couldn’t save anyone in a serial murder case.” I started to step backwards a bit as he got into my personal space. “You don’t understand how many people that I loved were killed in the Mandela Incident. You think I struggled, you try to fend off the Alternates." By the end he was breathing heavily. How does he know about my job as a security guard? I looked around and Amber, Mike, and Kane were all staring in complete shock at me and thacher. Amber had her phone out and was recording the whole thing. 
“Care to explain a little more,” Amber says in a light tone. Completely forgetting that I was there.
“You want to know more?” Thacher says. “How about the fact that those monsters took my wife and then pretended to be her for a few days before trying to take me too.” I grabbed the device out of Thatcher's hand and started to make my way up the tower stairs, nobody even noticed me. “ or how about the fact that I watched a young kid's face melt as one of those things tried to steal me as well.” I made it to the top of the stairs when Thacher said “even you couldn’t save anyone Amber. You ran away while people literally died in that fire. Yet you didn’t even try to save anyone so how about you tell me more about your fire while I record huh?” Thacher had lost control of his temper. I opened my door and closed it quietly so as to not disturb the argument below. 
Once inside I plugged the device into the wall and let it sit for a minute. There was a place to plug it into my phone. So I turned around and grabbed a cord out of my cart, which was still in the center of the room next to the table. When I plugged it in not only did it charge my phone but it showed me all of the cameras. I could even hear what they were saying. 
“It's not my fault that that fire started. How was I to know that they were going to try to smoke us out using a fire? You know ArrowSmart isn’t the only company doing tests on people in the middle of the woods. All of that death isn’t something to blame on me. There is a reason that Iris got replaced.” She turns on Mike. “What about you? Your fathers legacy isn’t the most clean. Killing children just to try to bring back the sun that you stuffed into the mouth of a robot.”
“I was 13 years old, he was terrified of those animatronics. We thought that it would stop when something was blocking its mouth movement.” he breaks into tears, maybe thai wasn’t my greatest idea. “I never thought that it would just crush his head. What about you Kane? Do you have any traumatic experiences to share during this?” He looks devastated. Amber looks like she feels a little bad about bringing up his fathers legacy.
“I fell through the ground at one point, and ended up in an infinite maze of yellow walls. There were creatures beyond imagining. I found a recreation of myself made out of a mushroomy fungus. It looked like me, only wrong. There was this tall figure that looked like a children's drawing. It chased me while screaming. It sounded so much like other people that I have known. I don’t know how I got out, I got cornered and the room I was in turned green before I was dropped over a lake. I was lucky that someone saw me fall out of the sky.” His story seemed less traumatizing than the other ones that had been told. I don’t see how it could compete with everyone else but everyone seemed shocked to hear about this. “It had been 50 years since I had fallen in, I experienced it in about 3 days. But who knows those walls have a mind of their own, you never know what time it is and there are no cycles in the lighting, just fluorescent lights in yellow rooms eternally.”
Thacher looks around before looking at his hand and realizing that the machine wasn’t in it anymore. He looks up at the tower and I come out and say “I got it working, if I need to now I can just hook my phone up and it automatically moves to whatever camera has movement on it.”
They look at me dumbfounded. I guess that I wasn’t supposed to plug my phone into it. I notice that the music in the Jeep changes again, this time to “Pied Piper” by CG5; another great tune in these guys' playlist. It kind of fits the mood of the area but I have been told that I am bad at reading rooms. So who actually knows how well it fits their shock and mixed feelings from their prior conversation. My phone chimes. I look back into my tower, my phone is now looking out into the forest. An elongated creature stands almost smack center in the camera. It is looking straight at the camera, and its face looks a bit like it is melting, its skin is sagging and its eyes are no longer aligned with its sockets. I freeze when looking at this and everyone immediately bolts up to my tower to see what is happening. When Kane sees the screen he faints and falls off of my tower landing with a crunch at the bottom. Thacher has a look of pure raw terror that takes over his body. Amber looks traumatized while Mike looks indifferent. 
Mike looks at those around him and notices how Kane is missing and that everyone else is terrified out of their minds. He turns and slaps Thacher and his face snaps to the side, “Snap out of it man,” Mike yells at him. This seems to pull Amber out of her terror as well. They look over the railing of the tower's balcony, only to see Kane's body sprawled out on the dirt below, his head bleeding slightly. Mike runs down and picks up Kane pulling him to the Jeep, yelling at the others for help. Why did this video of a creature looking at a camera make him faint? What happened to him that was that bad? I ran down the steps to help Kane but my phone pinged again. The creature was in another camera, this one was pointing towards my clearing. The creature was peaking around a tree, it was definitely closer, or there were multiple of them here. I drop the phone and immediately jump down to help Mike tend to Kane. I don’t know anything about giving medical attention but I was at least going to try to help. By the time that I got down there Mike had him upright and was trying to wrap Kane's head with some Gauze wrap that they had in the Jeep. I ran over to him and asked “What can I do to help?”
he replied grimly with “I think you have done enough today.”
“What do you mean by that?” I ask.
“You started an argument that made us spill our deepest trauma on each other, and then you turned around and showed Kane an image that made him faint. There is no way that you got that thing to show live footage, it isn’t made for that. That is meant to broadcast those to our security team. You just hooking your phone up should be impossible.” Mike says.
“I just plugged it into the wall and used the other port to plug it into my phone, it isn’t really rocket science.” I say not realizing that I have just done something that they couldn’t figure out how to do.
“Again that shouldn’t be possible. I couldn’t find a second port, no one on my team could. So either you just have those images on your phone just to mess with us or you put another port onto it.” Mike says.
“Nope, you just admitted that you guys were just trying to get inside of my tower. Which means that you guys aren't maintenance guys. So everything you said is now going to be considered a lie.” I say.
“No, we didn’t lie about anything really. We actually are a maintenance crew just not one working for Darwin. Our jeep says that much.” Amber jumps in to say.
“Also I did know about the second port and yes you could plug a phone into it if you had the right cord. So, yeah he isn’t lying.” Thacher says.
“I might as well come clean as well," I say, “I was in the back of your jeep since you all left ArrowSmarts base in the woods. I just moved into the woods before backing further off and coming in through a trail to seem less suspicious.” they all turn to me and stop what they are doing. That was the wrong thing to say. Amber was first to pull her gun; it was a pistol with a green glowing line down the center of it. Mike was next, before Thacher drew his.
“You just admitted to spying on us, so now you can sit under your tower tied up until ArrowSmart picks you up” Mike says. I start to back up but they back me up to a post. A shadow moves past their car, only I notice it. The shadow appears again and picks Amber up. She was in the back of the group but she screamed when it picked her up. Everyone whipped around and saw the thing. From the post that I was being held at it was just an extremely tall creature bathed in shadow so much so that even in the bright sunlight it was nothing more than a silhouette. Amber was thrashing around trying to get out of the creature's grasp. It wrapped one of its hands all the way around Amber before stepping into the shade. Thacher almost instantly turned around and ran as fast he could, but he was grabbed before getting anywhere. He was mumbling something about alternates and how he didn’t want to die yet. The creature shook them slightly, the way you would if you grabbed someone by their shirt: just hard enough to jar them. Then it set them down, its mouth split open the way the creature under the bridges had. Was this the same creature? Was it an elongated creature? The creature's next move was to forcefully say “He doesn’t want you here.” before standing up straight. It was a lot taller than when it was silhouetted. Thacher ran straight to the jeep before dragging Kane into the back seat. It looked like Kane had just woken up. He mumbled something right before being dragged into the vehicle. I noticed that he looked over towards me, before his eyes rolled back into his head. He must have more trauma than I thought. 
I look over to Amber who looks so terrified that she could probably faint. She is frozen so I start to walk towards her and the creature. It looks over to me and backs up from Amber. She starts to breath but heavily, she must have been holding her breath. I help her to her feet and she sprints as fast as she possibly can to the jeep.  She jumps in next to Thacher and they yell “Mike, come on.” I turn and Mike is just standing there paralyzed in terror while staring at the creature. It moves over to him and grabs him, walking him to the jeep before setting him down next to it. This seems to wake Mike from his terror because he sprints to get in. I watch as the jeep tears down the path continuing on their route. Arrow is probably trying to calm everyone with corporate nonsense.
The creature turns to me and says “you did good, you followed our advice and didn’t let them in. Now you must know that they are going to push back after this and try to take you. We don’t see anything that we can do to stop this, but we will try” its voice was deep and bassy, rather than the raspy deep voice it had used with the others. It turned around and dashed into the forest at an impossible speed. I have a feeling that they know more about what is happening than I do. My radio clicked on.
“Varize are you there, this is your 45 minute check in.” Saran said over the radio.
“Yep they all just left, you will never believe what just happened.” I say back.
“Are you sure about that? Or is it something like what happened yesterday?” she said back, she sounded frustrated. I started back on my walk up the tower steps. I forgot that my phone was just sitting on the steps, but I grabbed it and replugged everything in.
“It was actually more crazy than yesterday, when I got to them from the trail they were already in maintenance gear and they seemed to not notice my arrival until I announced myself. Plus they tried to tie me to my own tower’s post, with guns pointed at me. There was a creature who scared them off, they ran back to where they were supposed to go after my tower.” I tell her hoping that she will believe me or at least attempt to believe me.
“Yeah, yeah give me your tale of your demise. You can radio me back once you want to tell me what is actually happening.” Saran says, clearly annoyed. I look down at my phone, there is nothing on it, no cameras have movement so it just shows me the camera that points directly to the window of my tower. 
If that elongated creature is right then I need to prepare and attempt to delay ArrowSmart. I opened my music app and shuffled my phone from “Child Behind The Slaughter” by Yuri O. The energetic beat became the anthem of my preparations. I grab the cord for the camcorder and run down the stairs so that I can use it as a tripwire. I tie it along the width of my thin stairs and push it down the posts of my stairs so that anyone trying to go up the stairs will trip over it. I run up my stairs and grab the table, attempting to push it out of my door only for the legs to get stuck on the door frame. I had to attempt to angle it to get it out. After what felt like forever I got the table out and I moved it so that it blocked the entrance into my tower. This was before I realized that someone could easily push it out of the way. So I grabbed my cart and moved it so that it would have to be pushed from a side not easily accessible to those trying to get in to move it. Then I pulled the table back into place. I noticed that there was nothing blocking the door if anyone from ArrowSmart actually was able to get in. plus my windows were not blocked. I quickly climbed back through my window to get inside and shut it. Once I was inside I noticed that my phone's enjoyment mode had my phone flashing red instead of the normal various colors. What does that mean? I ran to the lone chair that once sat in front of my table and lodged it under the door, pressing the legs of the chair into the ground so that it would be much harder to open the door. Now all that was left was to block the windows off. They opened from the inside but swung outward, that might be a large problem. 
Looking around I am glad that I have the storage box from the shed. I slide it in front of the window and notice that if I have two more of these boxes I could easily fill the remaining space. The only other object in my tower that isn’t screwed down is my bed, but I want to be able to sleep peacefully. The song on my phone switched to “Intruder” by The Longestsoloever. I notice that my side table is still on my ground. I grab it and push it onto the counter. It is the perfect size for the gap plus it is pretty heavy. 
By this time my tower was pretty dark, and I was exhausted from today's chaotic schedule. I grabbed my phone off of the floor and shut off my music, the red glow fading from the screen. I sank into my bed and only a few minutes later, I was asleep and dreaming again. I was in a dark forest with shadows that looked like people that stretched into the horizon. All of them standing still – almost like they are the statues of all of the things that are following me and watching my every move.
Then, suddenly, they started to shift away from me, as a squealing sound was suddenly able to be heard. It started distant but slowly closed in upon me with the trees shaking and shivering as it closed in. Soon, all of the shadows had disappeared, and in front of me loomed a four-legged creature with almost nightmarish proportions. It looked like a cat if that cat had been 50 feet tall and had been starved for most of its life. It was completely hairless with the face of a human; its limbs had been stretched and ended in these almost razor-sharp steel claws that replaced any part that may have been once on what might be considered the feet. After standing still for a couple of minutes, it bent down and looked into my eyes, and I could feel the pain that it felt. I don’t know how, but I felt what it felt, the pain, the anger, the sadness, all of it. Then it opened its mouth and spoke to me.
“They are almost here, your defenses will not be enough. You have to be ready to submit to them so they don’t damage you in the process of taking you.” 
It lifted one of its massive legs and thrust its claws towards me. Just before its steel claws could hit me, I woke in a cold sweat to the music playing on my radio again. It was still night, 3:30 in the morning to be specific. I was really tired of waking up in the mornings so early already. Almost immediately I heard saws breaking through my table. I also saw a hole forming on the wall just behind my bed. It looked like it was being cut with a lazer, so it was also cutting through my side table in front of the window, though I couldn't be sure what direction it was pointing. Within moments my door was kicked down and both the wall behind my bed and the window opened up. Dozens of people filed in, all holding large guns with the same green stripe down the center of the side. One moved through the front of the crowd. He was holding a cloth. He was wearing a suit and he looked like he was the most important person in the room.
“Either you can comply or we can use force to take you in. By signing up for this job you removed all of your rights.” He said. “Don’t worry no one is going to miss you.” he sounded psychopathic, yet like he knew more about me than he should. Who was this guy and what did he want with me? Though he passes the cloth off and another person who is completely covered in tactical gear and nods at them. The person in tactical gear races over to me and presses the cloth over my face.
Dazed and confused, I attempted to get away, but a cloth was forced over my mouth and nose. Unwillingly I breathed in, the chemical scent of the cloth was really powerful, it burned its way through my nostrils, down my through and lit a fire in my lungs, it almost smelled like chloroform. Almost instantly my limbs started to get heavy and everything felt like it was made out of led. It was almost like I was becoming a statue. What did they give me? My vision blurred -- I was slipping from consciousness -- it felt as though I was drowning in my own mind as I fell away from the world. Eventually I couldn’t fight anymore as I blacked out.
I got flashes of everything that came after through short glimpses of consciousness. The first time I came back into reality I was seated in the back of one of the jeeps, the seats were really comfortable. The people in the jeep with me were having a conversation.
“Well it seems like we had to collect him early because one of the teams attempted to warn him that he was going to be taken. Suckers got what they had coming for them. Hope they like the cube.” one of the people in the jeep said.
“Eh, they probably just fired and used the cube as a threat to frighten us into submission. I doubt that they actually wasted the cube on a couple of lowly unworthy whistleblowers, they don’t even know anything.” Another voice said. My head hurt and I was fading quickly out of consciousness. 
The next time that I resurfaced were driving into a tunnel, through the haze I saw that there were rocks around this tunnel but my head hurt a ton and the people in the jeep were staring intently at me. I looked over at them and within an instant there was a cloth over my mouth again. Before I could resubmerge again I realized exactly what was happening. They were taking me into the boulders.
________________
Chapter Six
I started to get the ability to hear before I could fully see what was happening around me. First, a quiet conversation. Then, that gurney that I was strapped to. Then, the room around me seemed to materialize before me. 
I started to move my head to take in my surroundings. It looked as though I was in some sort of high-tech lab—almost like something straight out of a sci-fi movie. I noticed the strange device above me. It looked like a satellite dish with a very sharp tip in the center instead of an antenna. The tip of it was glowing green. Was this how they were going to put me in this cube?
“Oh, he is finally awake.” Said someone outside of my view.
Someone wearing a business suit with a buzzcut walked up next to my gurney. He started speaking.
“Hello Varize. We noticed that you left your tower without direct orders.” He said
I moved my mouth to talk only to notice that I was gagged.
“Don’t worry, that was just a precaution in case you tried to stir up trouble again with us.” He said, “We wanted to ensure that you are nice and comfortable while we work out your dose before we let you go back out to your tower. We hope that you don’t come back, but how would we stop you? You fought the entire way here; we didn’t notice that you were convulsing until the last minute. Sorry about strapping you up. We just didn’t want you to die on us. It would be very hard to cover up a death like yours.” 
Just then, someone removed the gag.
“Where am I? Who are you?” Those were the first words out of my mouth.
“Ahh, I am afraid that I cannot answer either of those questions at the moment, but you should hopefully figure it out on your own within a couple of hours if you are as smart as some of the researchers have been saying. Plus you had lots of help getting here, it would be a shame for us to just end what little of a journey that you have had,” he replied calmly.
“researchers?” I asked
“Yes, we have a lot of researchers. There is no way to run a multi-million-dollar corporation without some R&D to get more information to our workers.” He stated.
“How long have you been watching me?” I asked, desperate to get more information.
“I can’t tell you that, but long enough to know a lot about you. You see, there are many ways that you leave yourself open. I am sure you know about a lot of these ways. And you need to understand that there are more than just the ones you are told about.” He tells me. 
“When can I leave?” I ask, trying to delay being left alone strapped to a gurney.
“When you get your dose. I am redacting information in case the dose is not made properly, but we should be able to get this correct,” he states.
“What do you mean? Have you messed up the dose before?” I asked,
“Ah, so curious, I wish I had more employees like that. But you know, after this is over, you might want to join us.” He states before briskly walking to the door. 
After he leaves, a small cube rises from the ground and hovers slightly above a pedestal that rises beneath it. My gurney unlocks. I get up and look at the strange cube before giving it a testing poke to see if it is going to harm me. It is just as smooth and metallic as it looks, with the cool metal resting under my finger for a minute. When nothing happens, I grab it. After a short amount of time examining it, I feel a prick on the palm that is touching it. I feel slightly drowsy when I feel another prick. This one makes me feel awake in a way that I haven’t been since I woke up. Then, a third prick, I pass out on the spot.
________________


Chapter Seven
I wake up in my bed, my head hurts a little which is unusual for me. I look at my watch; 8:30, this is going to be a long day if this continues. I get up and grab my radio.
“Hey Saran, what do I need to do? Sorry this is my first day on the job.” I ask. The only thing that the radio gives in return are a bunch of static mixed with garbled sounds.
“Uh, hello?” I ask again thinking that this could just be a glitch with the radio. But it continues. I try to turn my radio off and back on to see if that fixes it but nothing changes. My radio keeps putting out those garbled sounds. Though I do hear a voice that seems to boom over the whole landscape.
“Go outside.” it says. Should I listen to it?
I go outside and the world starts to melt into this pink and black checkerboard pattern, the ground starts to crack and fall apart showcasing a flat plane falling that suddenly isn’t connected to anything. The trees themselves are falling apart and pushing themselves into these glitchy spirals of digital polygons. Once all of the destruction is done. The only thing left is the small platform that had once been wooden beams, now it is just a pink and black checkerboard, like everything else that exists. A small white Icosphere descends from the sky, the texture on it has every triangle on it alternating between black and pink.
“Touch the sphere to retry.” A voice says. I tentatively reach out to the sphere and touch it. I actively watch as the world is rebuilt around me, before everything goes black.
________________
Chapter Eight
I wake up in the bed of my tower. I have a pretty good headache, it feels like a migraine from not having enough water. It's already sunny out, what time is it? I check my watch only to find that it is 7:40. Hmm it looks like it is a bit later than that but summer is weird. I get up and go to my radio.
“Hey Saran, what do I need to do today? Sorry if this sounds like I don’t know anything about this job.” I say into the radio.
“It's fine, honestly it's your first day on the job, all you have to do is ensure that you survive the summer and to ensure that the forest survives the summer. It's a pretty chill job.” Saran replies.
“Well should I go and check the perimeter of my clearing or something?” I ask. 
“If you want, I honestly spend my days reading or watching my downloaded tv series.” she replies.
“Ok, do I need to bring the radio with me?” I ask.
“If you want to, but honestly you are just going outside of your tower so you could easily just come back and grab it” she says.
“Ok, well I will go out real quick.” I say. When she doesn’t reply I just head out and take the short walk down my stairs. While walking around I notice that one of the trees looks a bit weird. It is leaned and its roots are sticking straight out of the ground, but they are completely clean. How is that possible? As I walk over to it the ground surrounding me suddenly turns into a pink and black checkered board. When I try to run on it I lose traction fairly quickly, it is like trying to run on ice, if ice didn’t have a temperature and was somehow perfectly smooth. I watched as the forest around me started to fall apart I watched my tower fall below the dirt into a void that was the same color as the sky above me. I collapse to my knees. What is happening? A small icosphere appears out of the sky, but every triangle alternates between pink and black. 
“Touch the sphere to retry” A voice says from the sky. There is nothing left out here so it might as well be what I do. I reach out and touch the sphere but my hand passes right through it and the world just pops back into existence, the tree is also perfectly upright now. But before I can move to check on it, the world goes black.
________________


I wake up in the bed of my tower. I have a splitting migraine, why does my head hurt so much? The sun is shining which isn’t normal for when I wake up. I check my watch; 8:45. It's late, but the sun is strangely low for it being almost nine in the morning. It is the beginning of summer and everything does get weird though at the start of summer. I get up and walk over to my radio. 
“Hey Saran, what do I need to do for this job?” I ask over the radio.
“All you have to do is ensure that you survive the summer and to ensure that the forest survives the summer. It's a pretty chill job.” Saran replies.
“Ok so it's fine if I just read for a while?” I ask.
“Yeah, I do it all of the time. As long as you report fires as they pop up you don’t need to worry about it.” she says. 
I grab the first book in my favorite series: Renegades, written by Marissa Mayer. I open it and start reading but after about 20 minutes of reading I flip the page and one side says “Renegades” over and over filling the page with the other saying “Anarchists” over and over. Almost instantly parts of my tower start to fall through the floor and every surface of my tower starts to become a pink and black checkered board but everything falls away except for the chair that I am sitting in. I look down and see that there is absolutely nothing under it. I am floating on thin air. A small Icosphere floats down towards me from above.  
“Touch the sphere to retry” A voice says. 
Their voice was coming from everywhere and nowhere at once. Who was this person? I looked around and noticed that there was nothing at all around me. This was the only thing that I could do. I reached out and touched the sphere, my hand passing through it. Almost immediately after touching the sphere everything snapped back into place as it had been before. The book had a full page of text on it, it looked about right as well. My vision went black.
________________


I wake up in the bed that was in my tower. I feel great; I don’t think I have slept that good in a long time. It was sunny out, not usual for me waking up but it is summer so who knows. I check my watch; 8:00, it seems about right. I get up and walk over to my radio.
“Good morning Saran, Anything that I need to do today?” I ask.
“You seem to be in a better mood this morning than you were last night. All you need to do today is to ensure that your section of the forest doesn’t burn down and that you don’t die. So yeah there isn’t much that you need to do.” Saran replies.
“Well, is there anything that you suggest that I do?” I ask
“Have you filled your pantry?” she asks, almost questioning the choices that I have made since I have gotten here.
“No I haven’t yet. I guess I should do that” I say sheepishly.
“Yeah, you should,” she said. Slightly chuckling, she has a nice laugh, something that makes people stop to listen. 
I go to the door of my tower, before opening it and walking down the steps. There was a slight breeze in the air that made the tall grass sways slightly as the breeze hits it. As I walk through the tall grass I feel it drag along my leg tickling between my legs as well. The shed was in perfect shape and looked like it had been thoroughly cleaned before I was put on the job. When I walked up to the shed the door was easy to open, and the inside of the shed was a single box placed in the center. There were shelves on the walls but they were empty and looked like they hadn’t been touched in years. I picked up the box and started to walk back to my tower. It was relatively light but the rations were probably dried. My tower stairs made less sound on the way up than they had on the way down but I am sure that is just because the box was blocking some of the sound. Once I stepped inside of the tower the box just disappeared from my hands, I walked over to the pantry and it was fully stocked, there wasn’t a box in sight.
My tower started to shake as everything started to turn into a pink and black checkered board. All of the textures that the door I was holding had become perfectly smooth, pinching my arm in the process. With my arm slightly inside of the door everything started to shake even more violently. The door disappeared and all sensation in my arm did as well. Soon everything around me did as well leaving only the ground directly below me with nothing else existing. A small icosphere lowered from the sky towards me. It was unremarkable except for the fact that every triangle on it alternated between a pink and a black color.
“Touch the sphere to retry.” A voice says.
What was I going to do with nothing around me except for the floor beneath me. Though it was now only the textureless pink and black checkerboard. I reached out towards the sphere before thinking again. What would this sphere actually do? I tried to step off of the small square of floor that I had, only for it to stretch in whatever direction I walked in. The sphere followed me as well. It looks like I don’t have much of a choice. So I reached out and touched the sphere. My fingers passed through it as they attempted to touch it. The world instantly popped back into reality for a split second. I was floating above the clearing at about the floor level of the tower. Everything went black.
________________
Chapter Nine
I wake up, my head feels like I fell a few feet and landed on my head. The sun is up but my room looks weird. I look at my watch; 5:00, it was really early, especially for the sun to be as bright as it is. When I look around I find that I don’t have a shadow. What is happening? I walk to the radio to attempt to contact Saran but I find that I can’t speak. My mouth opens and closes but no sounds come out, I even feel my breath pushing out of my mouth while I speak. I am trying to ask “what is happening?” though my words seem unable to be formed. I start to panic thinking maybe something happened that made me go deaf overnight but subtitles start to appear over the radio.
“Sorry but ArrowSmarts servers are experiencing Technical difficulties at the moment. All Amethyst Core users should be cautioned against resetting until we say otherwise.”
I walk to my door and open it, outside it is filled with text rather than objects. What is happening? Walking down the steps, the world flashed for a second with everything being covered in these thin wires it almost looked like a wireframe of the objects. By the time that I make it to the bottom of the stairs everything is starting to fall away, until the only thing left is the ground beneath me. An icosphere descends from the sky towards me. This one is made completely of wires but is empty past the basic exterior wires.
“Touch the sphere to retry” A voice says. Retry? Does it mean reset?
I turn away from the icosphere and try to run away from it but it feels like I am trying to run on ice. I am basically just trying to move across a solid sheet of ice. The ground is also expanding to make it so that I can’t fall off. The icosphere is following me, moving at a constant speed while I am scrambling across the frictionless ground.
“Touch the sphere to retry” the voice says again.
I try to continue moving but the icosphere expands to cover the whole platform and continues to expand slowly, still following me.
“Patient 95, please touch the sphere to retry” the voice prompts.
What else is there to do? I reach out and touch the ever growing icosphere. Everything flashes back into existence. I am in the middle of the woods, inches from a tree. Before I can try to run again, everything goes black.
________________


I wake up, I am laying on my deck. I feel groggy, but I get up anyway. Why am I out here? I don’t remember much about last night, but I am pretty sure that I went to sleep in my bed rather than on the deck. It is sunny out. Not a major problem. I check my watch; 7:52, not a bad time to get up. I walk to my door and watch as it flashes away from a grey box into its normal look. Hmm, how weird, I must be more tired than I thought. I open my door and walk over to the radio.
“Hey Saran, do you happen to know why I woke up on my deck?” I ask
“No, I thought you went to sleep in your bed. Did you sleepwalk over to your deck and just finish out your sleep there?” she asks. I guess it makes sense. Her voice is slightly off though, it almost sounds like one of those text to speech AIs.
“Maybe, anything that you need me to do today?” I ask.
“N-n-n-no, there is no-no-nothing to d-d-do today.” she says. That doesn’t sound right. I immediately turn towards where my door should be. There is only an empty door frame. I look around and the door is angled through the floor and a wall. How did that happen? I walk to the door and cautiously walk through it, the door appearing in its place the moment that I step through it. What? I look down and the world below is covered in pink and black checkerboard tiles. My tower starts to fall, so I jump off of it towards the tiles. I barely make it to the tiles with half of my legs dangling over a void. It was a hard landing. I stand up, noticing that everything else has disappeared leaving only the tile that I am standing on. A small icosphere floats down from the sky to about arm level. It looks like it is made from floating mercury. How is that possible?
“Touch the sphere to retry” a voice says.
Not seeing anything else that I can do I reach out and touch it. Everything pops into existence, I am only feet away from the bottom of the tower stairs. Before I can make my way back to the tower everything goes black.
________________


I wake up, the blanket is pretty tightly tucked into my bed, how did I not try to pull it out of the bedframe last night. I feel like I slept greatly, I haven’t woken up this rested for a long time. I check my watch; 8:00, I almost never wake up this late. I start to wrestle with the bed sheets and they seem to fight back, never getting looser on me until one of the sides of my bed seems to give me the blanket. I get up and walk over to my radio. The forest is eerily quiet today, where are the birds, the breeze, the animals? I grab my radio.
“Saran, what do I need to do today?” I ask
“Oh, nothing. How are you doing?” She replies. She sounds extremely joyful as well. Maybe I am not the only one who got a great sleep.
“Good, so I really just do nothing during this job? How about you?” I ask.
“Yep this job all you have to do is watch the forest. I am doing better than perfect.” she says. That's weird, I don’t think I have heard anyone be that happy.
“Ok so are you fine if I just read today?” I ask.
“Nope, you have to sit there and stare out at the forest all day. Nothing more can be done, nothing more will be done.” she says. People don’t say things like that. I reach over and grab a book. 
“I thought that I told you that you couldn’t read today. The risk of fire is too high today for you to read your book.” she says. Could she see me? I look around my tower for a camera, maybe it is just small and I didn’t notice it. There is nothing there.
“Why are you not looking at the forest? Is it not lively enough for you?” she says, her voice has turned cold, all of the joy gone. Suddenly the forest is alive with sounds, that isn’t right. I can hear bird song, the sound of bears scraping against trees. It's quite calming.
“Why is the forest suddenly alive with sounds?” I ask.
“It has always sounded like this, you have just never noticed it” she says, the joy returning to her voice. This was getting weird.
“Well I am going to go outside to get a breath of fresh air.” I say. As I turned to face my door, chains moved to block it.
“No, you won't, you will sit there and watch for fires.” she says. I move to go through my window. Lightning cracks and it starts to downpour outside. There hadn’t been a single cloud before. I need to get out of here. I jump to the window and throw it open. The rain starts to come down harder. I need to leave. You need to stay, reenter your tower and sit, watch the rain and look for fires. 
Something is messing with my head. It's pushing thoughts into my head. Nothing is pushing thoughts into your head. You are just paranoid. Something is trying to trick me. I start to walk down the stairs but lightning strikes the stairs in front of me and they fall apart. I can't get down that way unless I jump, and I need to be lucky to jump that far. I walk up the stairs, to get a good amount of speed before running down the stairs and jumping over the gap. 
Instead of landing on the other side of the gap I phase through the stairs and into a dark void, I fall for what feels like forever before landing on a dark edgeless platform that extends far beyond what the dark void allowed me to see. After turning a couple times a desk appears behind me. Sitting behind it is a man wearing a suit. The desk has a plaque that says Dr. Sylas Finch. He turns to me and sighs.
“Oh, Patient 95, or should I call you Varize. You have created quite the stress test for the Amethyst Core. your brain is currently overheating and you need to stop pushing the simulation, it's the only way to cool your brain down and save yourself.” he says. “If you want we can start to remove walls and allow you to go through the simulation more normally but you have to stop pushing against all of the walls. We place these safety features in for a reason. If you want to ever get out of this simulation you need to play nice.” 
“I don’t think that I will.” I say, seeing if he can call my bluff. He holds up his screen which is paper flat and has a green glow on the back.
“It says here that you are bluffing. I thought that you were better than that. I can tell you whatever I want here because you won’t remember anyways. If you want to just get this over then you can just press that button right there.” He says. I follow his finger and in fact there is a button that says retry. 
“I can also turn it into a more familiar form as well.” He says. Suddenly the button forms itself into a floating icosphere, it looks metallic but like it is made out of an unknowable metal. I don’t recognize it, but it does feel like I have seen it before. He starts to press a few buttons on his screen and I feel a sudden urge to go over and touch it. He is doing this to me. I cannot go and touch it. 
“How many times have you forced me to touch this thing before?” I ask, “How many times have we done this before?” I need to know.
“This is your seventh time going through this, though I don’t expect you to remember. This is the first time that we have done this together, though.” He says. “You don’t have much of a choice though, you will be reset whether you choose to or not. It will just be less painful if you do it willingly. So, go over there and touch the sphere, don’t be shy, you won’t remember any pain that you have experienced today” he says. I hesitate. I really don’t have much of a choice. He seems to see this hesitation because he picks up his screen again and starts to press various buttons. Each one affects me in a different way. I start to feel drowsy, I need to move fast if I don’t want to be tortured. I try to move towards the sphere but it comes to me. I reach towards it and my fingers graze its smooth surface before everything goes black.
________________
Chapter Ten
I wake up in the bed of my tower. This can’t be right. Why do I remember? Did something go wrong? I get out of bed and go straight to the door. I need to go to the boulders. When I make it to the door, I find it locked from the outside. I reach my hand out, placing it on the door, willing for the door to explode outward. I watch as the door starts to pixilize and cracks appear in the door as it expands outward slowly. Soon splinters throw themselves off of the door as it fractures and explodes outwards with only the lock itself remaining. I step through the door, dust settling around me as I walk through it. 
The sky turns black with green shooting stars moving across the sky. The system is fighting back. Those can’t be stars because they look like they have spaces between each part of it. The sky is literally the system adding commands to try to stop me. I start to move down the stairs when I watch rot start to take over the wood causing it to crack and fracture under me. The wood will be solid. Suddenly the stairs stop warping below me and become completely solid. I walk down the rest of the stairs calmly. Once I reach the bottom of the clearing, the tall grass transforms into a maze of thin jigsaws, with each blade cycling up and down as it attempts to slice at my moving body. There are thousands of them. I close my eyes and mentally push them deep into the void beneath this pain. When my eyes open once more the clearing is completely empty, void of everything that could possibly attack me. Though the forest still exists. I start to move towards the forest. 
Once entering the forest the wind picks up violently, the trees start to tip over and fall onto the trail in front of me the sticks and twigs from these trees lift up into the air before getting launched at me. I move to the side while ducking and time seems to freeze around me as I move to the side. Once I finish moving everything speeds back to normal speed and the twigs land hopelessly next to me. Though when they land they create a small amount of splinter based shrapnel. None of it hits me, so I move on. The trail continues to be plagued by falling trees but they never actually hit me. Though eventually the trail roars up into a 100 foot title wave made of rocks and razor sharp branches. They hover in the air for a bit collecting and raising a little bit more before attempting to crash down on top of me. Without even trying to, I raise my hands over my head and wait for the impact. It never comes. I look up and lower my hands, the forest has been leveled, rocks and branches littered the ground, the trunks of the trees being torn in half with visceral tears through them. I started to move only having to push through a wall made out of small rocks on the way. 
Once the boulders were in sight, the ground started to shake and fracture. Dozens of small islands appeared around me as the ground broke apart. A fracture moved between my feet and the ground beneath me started to become two islands moving in opposite directions. Left or right? Neither. I start to run as the gap between the two islands widens and jump. I will land on solid ground. I watch as a pink and black checkerboard bridge materializes beneath me. Once I land I keep running when a figure stops me in my tracks.
“Hello Varize. Why do you continue to fight back?” Dr. Sylas Finch says.
“Why are you here? Shouldn’t you be kidnapping more people to put them into your twisted simulation?” I reply, putting all the force that I can into my words. Nothing happens.
“Oh I’m not actually here. You are just seeing a projection of me here, but I just need to know. What do you think is inside the boulders that makes you want to fight us more?” he asks. He is suddenly sitting behind a desk with a notepad and pen in his hands. He is right handed it seems. I try to run at him but chains grow out of the ground and pull me to the ground.
“Oh, not so fast. You never answered my question. So what is so important about these boulders?” he doesn’t even look shocked that I tried to run. I struggle with my bonds, continuing to not answer his questions.
“I will not answer your questions. Let me out, let me leave the simulation.” I say.
“Oh, we can’t do that. You have shown that you are something worth testing, maybe we can even create an entire army completely capable of materializing an escape route into a simulation.” he says. He is so full of himself. I bring some of the saws up from the void and have them start working on some of the chains that are holding me in place. Only once they touch the chains, they disappear. Maybe I need to attack Finch himself a bit more directly.
“That will never work, Varize. I know every move before you make it, and you will never be able to do anything fast enough for me to not catch it.” Finch says. 
I try to slow time the way that I had when those branches came at me, but he doesn’t seem to slow with everything else. I will a large rock to materialize behind him and to accelerate towards him, it completely destroys his desk, his pen, and his notepad but doesn’t touch him. He just phases right through it while everything else becomes a pile of dust. I need to think of something new. He can’t be harmed in any way, and I can’t slow him down. So what if I changed the state that my hands were in, like turning them into water, effectively making the chains attempt to hold water. I will for my hands to become water but nothing happens. How would I do that? I know that my hands are eighty percent water already so why don’t I manipulate that number to be one hundred percent. My hands are made of one hundred percent water. I feel the water slip down my arms, and the chains fall onto the ground. Finch looks at me completely shocked. My hands will grow back. My wrists start to burn as fingers protrude out of the stump where my hands were. 
“That isn’t possible, you can’t just do that.” Finch says. He clearly doesn’t like what he just saw. 
“Well I just did it. Now you can figure out how to block that too.” I replied.
I sprint past Finch using the bridge behind me to create a wall to block his chains from reaching me.
“No! You will not make it out!” Finch yells. The world flashes green and Finch is floating in the air above me he is surrounded by windows that are actively writing code, each of those windows have a chain connecting them to him. One by one the windows close and are replaced by gears larger than should be possible. They have a green glow to them and they are all spinning slowly, though for objects of that size, they would be spinning faster than they looked. He threw them at me one by one, there is no escape from these. Even slowing down time to move faster might not be enough. I kneeled and placed my hand to the ground. Protect me. A whirlwind of purple and black checkerboard cubes formed around me spinning with the ferocity of a tornado. The cubes and the gears clashed neither pushing against each other or backing away. The space in which they met crackle pink and green with shrapnel flying every which way. Finch started to flicker, his computer was overloading.
“NO!” he yelled at me, his gears making very little progress against my cubes. He threw a gear from behind to split my thoughts but the cubes fully surrounded me, there was no way out for him. I watched as his gears started to melt under the pressure from my cubes. Finch flickered a few more times before fully disappearing.
________________
Chapter Eleven
The path was now clear. I needed to hurry before he could get a new computer to enter the Amethyst Core again. I sprint along the bridge making it curve to bring me down to the boulders. Once I reach the bottom of the bridge I find that the boulders aren’t opened so I close my eyes and touch the door. I feel it open but when I open them, I see that I am in the white room that I grabbed the cube in, though I also see that I am no longer in the same white room as before. It looks as though I have been moved into a different part of the facility. I notice that I am still clutching the cube in my hand. I drop it and kick it away from me. Did I get out?
Just then, I notice someone who is in the cell with me. I don’t recognize them, but they have to have been a fire ranger just like me. They are also holding a cube; they might still be in the middle of their time loop even if they don’t know it. 
Was I ever in a time loop? How much of that was real? How do I now remember the events of the time loop and what had happened before it? How many times had I actually gone through it?
I notice that the corner of the room has a camera. It seems to be for the researchers to watch their test subjects while they are stuck in a permanent loop, while connected to some cube. I look around the room and find that there is a very visible door. Walking over to it proves that it is unlocked.
I open the door.
It's dark outside the door with a flashlight next to the door. I grab it and look down the hallways, only to find that they stretch far beyond the flashlight's range. On the floor, there is a message stating: “The only way out is up.”
The message looks old and is written with an unfamiliar-looking type of ink. It looks as though it is baked into the ground. I look left and right, unsure of which way to go, only to realize that they both are probably going to end up going to an entrance. So I go right. 
Not too long after I start walking, I notice that one of the cells is labeled: 


“Saran: Tower 8”


I try to open the door only to find it locked. I try to see inside, only to find that it is like mine and completely closed off. I bang on the door only to realize that if she has one of the cubes, she won’t be able to hear me. She may not even know that she is in a cell. I continue down the hall, hoping that I will find a room that shuts the cubes down and unlocks all of the doors. 
I start to feel as though the hallway is more non-Euclidean than I initially thought. It seems to loop back upon itself indefinitely. Every so often, I will find an open door that leads into another cell, or a cube left on the ground. With no way to know where I am, I just keep walking, hoping for some knowledge of getting close to the end of the hallway. 
Soon, lo-fi starts to play as the walls seem to start rumbling. I start running even before I realize the walls are starting to close in on me. As I am sprinting, I see a small open room and run into it.
It is the white room that started the loop. A new cube is hovering in the center of the room with a small pedestal under it. Just then, the door slams shut, and I hear the audible click of it locking. The lights turn on to reveal that the man in the suit is sitting in a chair behind me; the room now stretches infinitely behind me, with no door existing now. 
Surprised, I backed up from the man.
“Where am I? I know that I am not in the Boulders right now,” I say, sounding more frightened than I wanted to sound.
“You are in the Boulders, actually.” He replied, sounding completely calm.
“There is no way. The Boulders is not a non-Euclidean space.” I said, sounding more frustrated than before.
“Some parts of it are, that is the entire reason we adopted the boulders in the first place. We are researching how to control a non-Euclidean environment to help us understand how people react to them.” He states.
“Is it that or am I still hooked up to one of those cubes?” I asked, sounding defensive.
“No, you figured out how to deactivate your cube. Then we let you walk around while warping the space to make you walk in a loop. Then we decided to put you back into this room. I do recommend that you grab that cube behind you, as it will allow you to go back into your time loop. We have a big surprise planned for you. You know?” he told me.
“No. I won’t grab the cube.” I tell him forcefully.
“Well then, we will have to force you to grab it then.” He told me.
Suddenly, the world around me was engulfed by a bright light as the cube jumped into my hands. I fought as hard as I could trying to let go of it, but it was no use; it was already in my hands. I felt the pricks before waking up in my tower again. This time with my memories.
It was the first day again. I decided to get the supplies for my pantry early since it would be a couple of hours before I would be able to talk to Saran. Assuming they didn’t remove her from my cube for this iteration. Had that just been another part of the cube? It must have been. They must want me to feel as though I am getting small victories; they probably just want me to continue moving through their tests.
Walking out of my cabin, I notice that instead of the hairpin ramp that normally takes me down, there is just a hallway. The only light in it is a tiny point of light in the distance, and the small amount of light that is in my tower with me. The hallway has a greyscale checkered pattern. The darkness presses constantly against the light as though it wants to engulf me and my tower. I start to sprint towards the light, hoping that it will lead to an escape from the cube and its torturous prison of simulated worlds.
As I ran further, both my tower and the light in front of me dissipated. The hallway started to light up slowly. Just lights turning on one by one from my position into the unknown in both directions. The hallway slowly opened up into a room that opened up to become stadium-sized. A handful of paces away from me was a person bound and gagged. Lying on the ground, thrashing against their bounds. 
“This is how you are about to end up. Stop digging. Stop trying to leave your bonds. You will be unsuccessful at getting free and getting the information that you want.” A voice said from behind me.
I turned around as fast as I could. The man in the suit was standing behind me. Something was off with him, though. He sounded almost robotic when he spoke to me.
“Why? You cannot physically harm me when you are in the cube. As long as both of us are in the cube, I am mostly safe.” I say
“No, your pain will be eternal. You will wish that I were able to kill you when I am done with you.” He said
“Just let me go back to reality. I am done with your game. I don’t like the shifting world that you have put me in.” I tell him back
“I cannot let you do that. You know too much, I mean, I could always reset the timeline and force you to live it, not remembering anything until you die. Is that what you want to live without memory of anything that you have done? Without memory of those you have met? Without the ability to understand things you currently understand? Is that what you want?” He asked, sounding like he was trying to child me.
“I just want to be free of a simulation. Is that so hard? You know that I know what is happening. If I say anything, you can easily put it off as me going crazy from my stay in the woods alone for so long. How long has it been anyway?” I ask.
“I could, but you have only been in the bunker for an hour. We can’t let you out that early. You have to pray that you can run fast enough to get out on your own. Maybe we will allow you to get help.” He states to me.
“Honestly, try to catch me. You are here alone. There is no one that you have that you could use against me.” I tell him.
“Are you sure about that?” he tells me before bringing a panel up with footage of a woman struggling on a gurney.
“Who is that?” I ask.
“That is Saran. We put out calls so that she wouldn’t get suspicious of your whereabouts. But she seemed to understand that it wasn’t actually you. She came too close, and now she is in our hands.” He said
“How do I know that you aren’t lying and having that generated while I am speaking to you?” I ask back.
“You don’t, but we still know where she is either way. So no matter what, you are going to do what we say, or we will kill her.” He tells me with a calmness that no human has. Then it hits me.
“You are the manifestation of the cube, aren’t you?” I ask.
“No, the cube is just an algorithm that is connected to my brain and now yours. All it wants is for people to be in it at all times. It will show you whatever it needs to do to force you to enter and remain in its simulation. Once you have been introduced to it, you are always destined to return. You cannot leave permanently. You are the first person who has resisted the urge to return to the cube after you were tested on how connected with the cube you were.” He tells me.
“How do I know that you won’t just kill me when you are done with me?” I ask
“You have my word. That is pretty good, saying I have never gone back on my word.” He tells me.
“So if you actually are telling me the truth about Saran. What do you need me to do? I ask.
“All you currently have to do is just sit in your tower and not leave. Don’t do anything. We will tell you when you have done enough.” He tells me.
“I can’t guarantee that I won’t attempt to leave during that time, but I will go to my tower for a short period before I go back outside of it again,” I tell him. “For everything that you cannot guarantee is one thing that I cannot guarantee.”
“I understand.” He tells me before dissipating into a cloud of dust. 
The room around me starts to fill with this dust. As it swirls around me, I see the room start to unload as I am left in a small plain in a black void. I see what seems to be a dream start to play out.
I see a forest; it is vast and very green. It looks almost impossibly vibrant. As I glide over the treetops, I see that I am passing by a fire watch tower. It's a small ramp that leads down to the ground, showing me what I had thought would occur when I stepped outside. I see someone walk down the ramp of the tower as I pass over; they look up without recognizing that I am above them. From the height that I am hovering at, I can’t make out any details, but before I can get comfortable watching whoever is at this tower, I start to glide more. 
I am slowly lowering into the trees as I move forward. As I hit the top of the trees, I feel their branches rubbing against me. Soon, I am on a rugged, overgrown path. I see people-shaped shadows surrounding me. But instead of leaving as a creature moves toward me, they move toward each other to create the creature itself. This time, I could see the people who made up the creature.
The creature begins to speak. 
“Varize. You must leave the cube.” It tells me in a thousand voices.
“How. I am locked in. There is nothing that has actually let me out.” I tell it, thinking I sound rather pathetic compared to it.
“You must leave through the sky. The sun is your best way to leave. It is lowest at sunrise and sunset. Never leave at night, as the moon is a trick. The creature made of ligaments is one you must not trust.” It tells me.
“Who is this creature made of ligaments?” I ask it.
“You have already met them.” It tells me.
“How do I leave through the sun?” I ask it.
I notice that the world is starting to crumble around me and the creature. Slowly fading into oblivion, just like the last room I had been in.
“You must …” it starts before dissolving with the dream as I wake in the night.
My tower shakes. Booming echoes over the forest. It is a stormy night. Looking towards my window, I see a figure. It looks like a silhouette at the moment, yet it also looks wrong. Not in the way that most things look in this forest. It looks human in the wrong way. Lightning lights the room, and I see the figure is mangled beyond anything that I could imagine. Their arms look as if they have nothing but bone under their skin; no veins, no ligaments, just skin and bones. Their head looks like it has been bashed in multiple times. It is misshapen in ways that I wouldn’t think to be possible for a person to have. They had black empty sockets for eyes, a faint glimmer from something hiding where their eyes should be. It starts to move towards me, slowly lumbering in a way that should be impossible. Its arms are becoming longer as it gets closer to me.
I back away and close my eyes as it starts to close in. When I open my eyes again, there is only the camcorder on my table, facing away from me, showing me its screen. On the screen is a video of me sleeping with it looming over me. It looks as though it is waiting for me to move to attack. Its long, stretched fingers hover over my head as though it wants to make my head look just like its head. Then lightning flashes in the video, and it is gone from view as I wake. I see the same scene play out on the camcorder, except this time it grabs me and bashes me into the wall until I crumple in its arms. It carries my body out of the window before the camcorder turns off.
I waited a couple of seconds to see if anything would happen. Nothing does. When I turn around, I see the wall behind me light up. Turning back to the camcorder, I see it is now on with the logo for ArrowSmart. A deep and scratchy voice speaks through the camcorder.
“You should have forgotten me a long time ago.” It says.
Then the camcorder starts to shake violently as it starts to melt. The table starts to become inscribed with symbols: 


“✡︎□︎◆︎ ⬧︎♒︎□︎◆︎●︎♎︎ ♐︎□︎❒︎♑︎♏︎⧫︎📬︎ ☹︎♏︎♋︎❖︎♏︎ ■︎□︎⬥︎📬︎ ☼︎📬︎ 🕆︎📬︎ ☠︎📬︎.” 


I have no clue what they mean. The symbols burn into the table, making them line with fire for a second before the fire goes out, leaving only the outline of the symbols behind. 
I open the door to find that it is a clear night outside without any trace of the storm that looks to be raging from within my tower. There is only one thing wrong with it. There is no sound. 
Nothing. No bugs. No animals that normally appear and make sounds at night. I walk inside in an attempt to hide from the screaming silence. When I go back into my tower, I notice that the camcorder and the symbols are now gone. My tower looks entirely normal. I walk to my bed and start to lie down when I find a note that was left under my blanket. It reads, 


“You angered it, now you won’t escape it.”


I move the note to the table and attempt to go to sleep. After a few hours, I give up on trying to go to sleep and walk over to my radio. I realize that Saran won’t answer because she is within the company and no longer in a tower. I set it back down. Static suddenly starts to come through my radio.
“Hello, are you there, Varize?” the voice asks.
I pick up my radio.
“Yes, I am here,” I say, not asking who this is in case it is Saran.
“Thank god I found your channel. Can you meet me at the boulders? I know you know where they are.” They say. It is not Saran.
“Well, who even are you?” I ask, cautiously.
“You know who I am. I was in that tower before you were. I know this forest just as well as you do. I asked a lot of the same questions. I even went looking for answers just like you did. You will know my name when you meet me. They might be listening to this conversation right now. Be cautious, they don’t know I have gotten control over my cube. They also don’t know that there are paths between the different simulations that they are running. I even know the path to let you out, Patient 95.” He tells me. Who is Patient 95: Me? 
“I will be there,” I say before I sprint out the door. 
I don’t even notice the shadow that follows me on my way there. When I get there, all I see is a tunnel in the ground. No boulders. Someone grabs me from behind, covers my mouth, and drags me into the dark of the forest. 
“Hello, Patient 95.” The stranger tells me. 
I twist around to see who they are. I don’t recognize them, though they do make me have a faint déjà vu moment. 
“Hello, who are you again? I don’t remember,” I ask him.
“Ahh. I guess that cannot be unexpected from a test patient. I guess I will have to add that to your file. I am the researcher who is overseeing your test. I know that you were put here wrongly, and I would like to help you out. You just have to trust me,” He says. When he sees my hesitant back step, he tells me, “Yeah, that is to be expected, but I would like to let you know that I am against what Dr. Sylas Finch wants from us.” He tells me.
“Who is Dr. Sylas Finch?” I ask.
“He is the man behind all of this. You have seen him before. He always wears a suit.” He tells me.
“How do I know that you weren’t sent here by him to trick me. You have already lied to me once.” I state back angrily.
“I actually didn’t lie. I was a fire watch at one point. I was in that tower. I have been a part of the experiments. I know what's happening here. I just want to leave, but I am not allowed to. He keeps me here just like everyone else. No one can leave. No one can question him. He seems to think that he knows what we are going through. He doesn’t. He doesn’t understand that we suffer so that he can see a new creature that he can use to scare people in the forest or that he can kill.” He vents.
“So you know what was happening with everything that I experienced?” I asked.
“Yes, and you chose to do the same thing that I did. I was chosen for the job because I was a failed and rejected researcher whom no one would miss. You were chosen because you would have been homeless and not missed within a couple of weeks if you didn’t get a job. I bet you don’t remember applying for this job, do you?” he says.
“I actually don’t at the time, I just wrote it off as one of the random ones that I had thrown my application at in hopes it would get me a job,” I told him. I had actually put more applications down than I had gotten replies for. Most of them were just the employer telling me that I wouldn’t be a good fit for the job. The rest were just them telling me that they would look at them later, but I am sure that he already knew that.
“You know, we should probably speed this up. If you ever want to get out of here, we must move fast so that we don’t get caught. Plus, I would love to stay out of the “Smart Room,” it is the only place that I don’t know anything about in the entire facility.” He told me.
“So where do we go?” I asked.
“Over here. I am sure that you would miss it just like everyone else. I call it the invisible staircase. It leads over the boundary of the simulation and to the Developer Exit.” He tells me.
I started to wonder why they would have needed to build in a developer exit if a person could just be pulled out of the simulation at any time, but I kept my mouth shut as I felt that he didn’t know the answer either. As we walked, I started to notice that the trees became flatter and flatter until they were PNGs that rotated to always face me. It kind of reminded me of the graphics of one of the first 3D video games. In the distance, I noticed that the ground was untextured and still grey from its default texture, which is normally used. Then we stopped as the air became solid in front of us. Then he turned left before walking a short distance. He turned and looked back at me and said, “We are here.”
I looked around and saw nothing at first. Then I realized that there was a very thin staircase that led up. I couldn’t see the top, but I could see the bottom. I walked over to it, only to notice that it is paper-thin on one side but of normal thickness on the other side. I stepped up and started to ascend the staircase. The moment my foot touched the first step, I almost became detached from my body as my mind started to get pulled away from the simulation. I saw myself from a third-person view. The way you would expect to see a character on a show or in a game. The farther I walked up the staircase, the faster I started to move. In the distance, I saw my tower and everything surrounding it. I also saw that some of the other towers were visible from my vantage point. Towards the top, I noticed that there was a small orb that was floating just above the sun.
“What is that?” I asked.
“The developer exit,” came the reply. 
As we grew closer to the orb it my vision started to glitch and contort until everything around me was pitch black. I was standing in a black room next to the researcher. 
“Where are we?” I asked.
“Almost outside of the cube,” he told me simply.
I followed him, and soon I saw a light that started to fill the room and blind me. 
________________
Chapter Twelve
I wake up in a white room. The walls are padded, and I am lying on a white bed covered with an assortment of tubes. I noticed that I am holding a cube, but my hands seem to be tied to it in some way. It was painful to move, so I just waited, hoping that someone would come to help me. I lay there for hours just waiting for someone to go into my room, but alas, no one came. After a while, I attempted to get up. I started to pull out IVs and tubes, but it seemed that no matter how many I pulled out, there were always more there.
The lights started to slowly dim, some flickering before they went out completely. Eventually leaving me in a void created by darkness, covered in the weight of tubes that seemed to never fall off of me. Then the weight started to lift off of me, until it was just floating weightlessly in the void. 
The void around me started to show faint colors that started off seeming more like fragments of the darkness than what I had actually been seeing. Over time, more and more started to appear, almost as though the void was trying to show me glimpses of the real world, with every slash just a bunch of tiny frames of what was actually happening. 
Suddenly, I could move my hands away from where I had been holding the cube. I no longer felt the cube holding my hands in place. No longer did I feel anything around me. Then the slashes of colors that swirled around me started to form back into the white room that I had been in previously. The only difference is that the cube was resting on the floor next to me, and there were no tubes to be seen. Cautiously, I looked around to see if anyone else was there, but no, I was alone. I shifted off my bed and walked to the door, just as I had earlier. This time, the door was locked. I looked around for something that I could use, but nothing. My bed was bolted to the floor, and it seemed that all of the panels on the wall were just there for looks. I walked around the room looking for something that may not have been sealed correctly or some panel that actually had a use. 
After a few minutes, I noticed that there was a light above the door, which was covered by a panel, but it may be exactly what I need to open the door. Only when I got close to the door did the light turn off. I walked around to search to see if there was something that could keep it on, maybe there was a blind spot that it couldn’t see. After about twenty minutes of trying to find something, I thought, well, what if I tried to move very slowly towards it? So I started to walk as slowly as I could to reach it. After about three paces, I noticed that the light hadn’t turned off yet. Another three, then another three, it was still on. I got to the door; the light was still on. After tugging on the handle, I found it unlocked. I opened the door and walked out into a brightly lit hallway that had the feeling of a liminal hospital. 
Both ways had medical equipment scattered on carts, with the carts just left in random positions. Some of these positions seemed unnatural as they defied all logic. Some seemed to be floating in midair, as if some sort of gravitational anomaly was holding them above the ground. As I walked through the hallway, I noticed a staircase that was labeled simply as “developer entrance/exit to the simulation cube”. I started to walk up the stairs when I got hit with a wave of déjà vu. Something wasn’t right. These stairs didn’t lead out. They lead further in. They had to. ArrowSmart probably wouldn’t label something so clearly just in case something happened where a captive got out. But currently I have two choices: go up the stairs or go down the hallway. I guess I will walk down the hallway and see where it takes me. 
Walking down the hallway, I noticed that the hallway was just repeating. A never-ending pattern of carts and medical tools. The staircase was always in the same spot. The only thing that changed was the window on the right side of the hall. Every time I passed it, there was a different scene shown on it. Sometimes the other side was of a cryosleep chamber, others it was a stone wall, or even a forest. There was a time when it was a single creature in the century with its head covered in eyes, even though it only had four limbs. I knew even though it was not facing me that it knew I was there. It could see me even if it wasn’t looking at me. In front of it was an old TV, kind of like one that you would see in the late nineties. Just a big box with a VHS port under the screen. The creature seemed to be focused on the characters that were on the screen. I walked on just in case it started to shift its focus onto me.
It seemed that no matter how many times I walked past that window, it would always show something different, and eventually, I saw the room that I had lived in as a child. Perfectly recreated into what it had been two or three years ago. Everything was just as I remembered it: the wallpaper, the furniture, the posters. Everything was where it had been back then. The only difference that I noticed was that I wasn’t the one sleeping in the bed. It was someone else that I didn’t recognize. They had sharp features; their skin pulled back as though it was being tied off around muscleless bones. The person's face was contorted in strange ways. Though I could tell that they were more friendly than any of the other creatures I had met so far had been. I knew that if I left it alone, it would leave me alone. So I moved on, knowing that something was enjoying the room that I had spent so long in. 
Upon passing the stairs this time, I decided to go up. As soon as I touched the first step, I was instantly moved up to the first landing. So I decided to go to the second landing, but was able to walk up the steps to this one. After walking up all of the stairs, I noticed that there were two flat objects with labels on top of them. One was labeled “into the simulation cube”, the other was labeled “out of the simulation cube”. I walked up to the one labeled “out of the simulation cube” and touched it. 
The world warped around me. The same way that the world would seem to warp around someone who was moving at incredible speeds. It felt as though my hands were getting torn apart. My veins started to light on fire with whatever had been put inside of them. My chest started to spasm as my lungs started to stop working. Something started to slide out of my throat. I felt things leaving my body everywhere. It felt as though I was just coming out of surgery, and they were removing everything from within me.
I woke within another room, this time in what looked like a medical ward of some rundown research facility. The curtain that blocked the rest of the world from me was white with some red splatter; there were also some red slashes on the curtain. A mass of machinery was sitting next to me with robotic-looking tentacles that looked to house the tubes that had been used to keep me alive. I wasn’t holding a cube this time, though there was one on the top of some of the machinery that had been holding me. As I got up, the curtain moved to let me out. There wasn’t much outside the curtain, though there was a dull white glow that led me to the right of the door of the room that I had been placed within. The hallway was almost entirely blank, with the occasional door or window. All of which led to a room that was too dark to see at the moment. At the end of the hallway was a ladder that led up to a distant light. Climbing the ladder led me to a clearing that wasn’t too different from the one that held the boulders. The main difference was that this one only held a hole in the ground that went down into the facility. Just like the one with the boulders, it had two trails connected to it. One led north while the other led south. I chose south, hoping that I was north of where I had been before being put into the cube.
Walking south, I noticed that the forest was a lot less grown over than the one that I had been on before the cube. The further I walked, the more I noticed that everything just seemed to be repeating. Though that could have just been me trying to come back into reality from the cube. I felt that the forest was off; something or someone was watching me. I could feel them. Whatever it was, it was there. The further I walked, the more I felt I was being watched. There was something near that I couldn’t see yet, even if it was there. 
Eventually, I reached a cliff that overlooked a large valley. I felt as though I could see all of the towers from its high ledge. Though I couldn’t quite see everything as it seemed to drop off of some invisible ledge off in the distance. As much as I wanted to just jump off the ledge and pray for a deep pond at the bottom of the fall, I chose to walk around the edge of the cliff until it started to drop down to being level with the ground below. Walking right, I noticed that the ground rose to meet the lowering cliffside. The walk was steep and covered in loose rocks. It reminded me of times in my childhood of hiking the steep yet rocky hillsides of the Northern Nevada deserts. Though these hills led down to a dense forest with few trails that were marked or even allowed to be traversed.
Though the trails had been closed to the public, there was the occasional person whom I would pass on the trails. Often, they would ask me why I wasn’t on the trail, with my only reply telling them that I wanted to take the harder path. I have no idea how many of them were spies for ArrowSmart, though anyone at this point could be. I kept going south, ensuring that I didn’t get spotted by hunting cameras or any other device with a camera. 
Other than the sounds of nature, I didn’t hear anything for a long while. When I finally heard something that didn’t sound natural, I cautiously walked towards it. It was a busy highway. I was so much further south than I had initially thought, but my best bet would be to walk in the forest just off the road to avoid detection from the highway cameras. After about an hour of walking next to the road, helicopters started to fly over the forest.
 With no clue exactly where I was, I had no idea how long it would be before I made it back to the towers, but with the helicopters so close, I could tell that I was starting to get close to the station at least. It would take about another few hours to hit the dirt road that I had initially driven to get back to the ranger station, but when I arrived there where men who were armed to the teeth with almost every kind of weapon you could think of. 
While passing by slowly in the darkening forest, I heard footsteps behind me. Turning around as quietly as I could, I saw a figure crouching behind the bush behind me. Other than their thin build and long fingers, I couldn’t see anything else about them. As I stared at them, they slowly stood up, showing that they were much taller than any human could ever get. They seemed to be so tall that they could cross the space between us in a single step. 
Slowly, with a slow voice too deep to be natural, it stated: “Walk.” So cautiously I followed it into a small cave just off the highway that opened up dramatically on the inside once you passed the entrance. The walk there was uneventful, but filled with fear; every once in a while, I would look up and see a hunting camera or an animal sitting in a tree just staring at me. I avoided them when I could, but most of the time I didn’t notice them. Once at the mouth of the cave, I stopped, thinking that I was going to be trapped in a tiny cave with the creature, with nothing to defend myself with. It spoke in its slow, deep voice, “Enter.”
So slowly I entered the cave, tensed and ready to flee at any moment. But my tension was released by the widening of the cave into something cavernous. Once in, I saw that there were dozens of the creatures all looming over me, but standing near the far walls. They looked so menacing in the shadows, as if they would attack anything at the slightest thought of aggression. Nothing moved; it seemed that they could just be statues, though that would be impossible, as I could hear their raspy breaths and see their mangled lips move, even if it was slow.
They started to slowly move closer to me, edging their way along the ground until they were only feet from me. They seemed cautious, as if they didn’t trust humans; they didn’t like that I was brought here. Then the one closest to me, whom I believe to be the one who brought me into this cave, spoke, speaking what sounded faster than the last time it spoke. It seemed to be trying to tell them as fast as it could, but it was close to normal speed for me.
“Varize has pushed against ArrowSmart,” it stated in its deep, slow voice. The place erupted in sound. There were sounds of cheer, sounds of fear; they seemed to be both fearing for what I had done, and what I could do, while being joyous over the same thing. One speaks up, its voice slightly higher than the first, “bringer of doom, avenger of life, destroy ArrowSmart.” 
They may have been saying some slogan, but I feel the titles were directed at me, not to the whole of the group. I spoke up, “Why me? What have I done against ArrowSmart? All I did was leave the facility and hide.” They looked outraged at my comment, their mangled faces turned inward, seeming to signify displeasure. I backed up, only to back into one of them, and to fall over from a kick from its legs that were too long. Then it hit me, they were test subjects to ArrowSmart, they were what happened to people who didn’t go into the cube. These were the remains of those who failed the tests.
They closed in and picked me up; their hands have the same grooves that mine do from the cube. The only difference is that theirs are elongated. They understood what that world is like, and they were also able to escape, just not in the same way or amount of time. But how did they get out? They are monstrous, and people would have noticed them at some point, just like I did. 
As if reading my thoughts, one of them spoke up by saying, “made big hole to climb through.” That explained how no one noticed them. If they were to have just dug out, then they must be fast at digging, and that means that they are strong and able to move very fast compared to me. So I asked, “Where is your hole? I may be able to get back into the facility that way.”
But the leader whose voice was the deepest was two steps ahead of me and said, “No, too dangerous. You will die.” 
“Why is that?” I asked, “They would really only be guarding it for a few weeks before they would give up and go back to doing other work. I am sure there are less secure areas in the facility.” 
A smaller one spoke up, a voice that was a lot higher in pitch than the rest of them. It still had a deep voice, but it was a lot closer to being normal. “I can take him.” It said.  
The one I was starting to believe was the leader, said. “Are you sure? It is a dangerous trip.”
The small one replied with “I can do it.”
The leader replied, stating, “Very well then. You will take him to the hole. If anything bad comes of him, it will be on your hands.”
“I will ensure nothing bad comes of him. He will not be captured again.” The small one replies. 
“Well, let's head out. We need to make it there by nightfall so that their vision is bad.” I said to all of the elongated creatures. 
As I started to make my way back to the opening in the cave. A new figure came in. This one had a gun and wore a bulletproof vest. The logo from the notebook was inscribed in his helmet; an arrow pointing up and to the left, it was also shaped like a triangle, missing the side opposite its central point. This had to be the ArrowSmart guy they sent to hunt me or the elongated creatures down. I hid within the large group of them when they started to stack together and form into one creature. It looked just like the creature from my dream. The guy who had walked in started to slowly raise his gun when the creature spoke. 
“Why do you hunt for those who want to help others?” It said. This seemed to rattle him somewhat as his eyes widened and he took a step or two back. 
“I am only doing what I have been told,” he tells the creature, unaware of me or the small one who didn’t become a part of the creature. 
“We should start to leave while he is distracted." It said. So I followed it out of the cave right behind the guy who seemed to be terrified of this thing as it started to reach out for him. His fear was palpable; it seemed to make the air harder to move through as he seemed to be frozen in place. 
As I reached the end of the cave, I heard him scream. It must have picked him up, and it was probably taunting him with its words. Hopefully, he will quit his job at ArrowSmart. As soon as we were out of the cave,e we made a mad dash for the forest. I knew there were more ArrowSmart employees in the area, still searching. After a few feet, it stopped me, and I soon realized why; there was a guard walking past, his gun was different from the one the guy in the cave was holding, this one had a green glow down the center of it. The glow ran from one end to the other. I really didn’t want to know what that gun did to someone or something. He turned to face his back to us and the smaller creature ran and jumped on his back. It started to pull on his head, and I couldn’t stop watching. He pulled, and the guard started to apologize. He said he would never enter the forest again if he were released. Then the tear came, the creature was standing in the way, and I couldn’t see much, but when it looked back at me, it was holding the guard's head. 
He gestured down to the guard's body and told me that I would need to wear his clothes and to take his gear. I shake my head, it is too risky, they could be tracking the guard, but if they are, his not moving for a while will be suspicious; they likely will send someone out to check on him. I could take the gun, but then they might be able to track me, and who knows what that weapon does. So we turn and run towards where the hole is. 
We don’t make it far before we run into a drone that seems to be moving towards the scene of our crime. It is a round drone with two small arm-looking things; the arms look just like the gun, they have a green glowing stripe down the centre. I really wish that I had tested the gun to see what it did. We jumped into the nearest bush and hoped it couldn’t see us. It had a searchlight that was scanning the ground and the air for someone or something. I assume it was us, and ArrowSmart had seen the entire interaction between us. They might know more about our plan than we initially thought. 
It started to draw closer when the air suddenly felt nonexistent, the drone started to move away from us and towards this new distraction. I poked my head out and saw that just a few feet away, there was a small area where the forest became a cliff overlooking a large city. Where was this city? It looked like it was made in the future; some of the buildings were floating in the air, and it looked like there were some cars that were also floating in the air. But I could easily be missing something. The air around this cliff was rippling, and the edges where the cliff meets the forest were physically moving. There is a powerful hum that tears through the area; it honestly makes me want to move away. 
I tapped on the shoulder of the creature, and it turned away from the cliff. It looked startled as if it understood what was happening. “We need to run,” it said. 
“To where?” I asked immediately. The cliff was growing, and I didn’t want to stay much longer.
“To the hole, so you can do what you need to,” it replied.
We turned and ran as fast as we could away from that spot. When I turned back, I saw the drone trying to shoot at the cliff with its gun. Was there something on the other side of the cliff that it saw and was trying to kill? I couldn’t turn around again. Soon, another drone was passing by, but this one didn’t seem to care about us, though. It rushed to the other one, and before I could see what was happening, I tripped. When I got up, my guide was being held down by a net and was pointing to what was in front of me. I took that as the place that I needed to go. So I sprinted as fast as I could on the uneven and root-filled surface of the forest, sprinting right behind the turned backs of guards who were on patrol. 
Soon after a bit of running, I made it to the hole, and it was a hole, no doubt, a vertical one at that. It looked like it dropped about 25 feet, but with the guards already after me, I had no other choice but to jump.
After a few seconds, I land, and I feel my chest pop in more painful ways than should be possible; my foot pops too. I may have fallen further than I should have. Getting up, I realized that I felt ok so I kept going. I was inside some sort of tunnel system, maybe a caticomb, but who is to say. I was at an intersection, and there were four paths I could take. I was shaking from the amount of adrenaline in my body. There was a breeze that would almost have to lead to a server room, but why was it so cold? I followed the breeze, which took me to the right of the direction I started out facing. The tunnel was so cold, but it was dark. I knew my adrenaline wouldn’t last forever, and I needed to move fast if I wanted to get out of here. I started to walk as fast as I could without running, as the pops in my chest had started to worry me. Then I saw light from up ahead. It was moving in a way that it shouldn't have, up and down, almost as if someone was walking with it. 
I started to move as fast as I could to the side, hoping they wouldn’t see me, when I heard something bounce off the wall. Even the distant flashlights seemed to be spooked by this. Then I saw one of the elongated creatures pass in front of me and slowly move towards the flashlights. Before I could react, it lunged at them, and I could hear the terror in their screams as they attempted to back up. It must have taken their flashlights because soon their flashlights were on the ground, and I could hear them sprinting past me. Then it picks up a flashlight and hands it to me, saying “here” as it gave it to me. Only then did I realize that it was the one that was helping to guide me. 
I walk forward using the flashlight when I come across a door. The sign on the wall next to it states “Server Maintenance,” which is exactly what I am looking for. The only problem is that there is a keypad that requires a 6-digit code. But before I can do anything, the keypad's buzzer starts to play some creepy lofi, and its screen starts to spasm out. What the hell is happening? When I look over, I see that the creature has its eyes closed, and it has a hand raised. Then the door keypad beeps, and the light turns green, causing the door to swing open. Inside are rows and rows of servers; this was a lot more than what I was expecting. The room itself was the size of a commercial warehouse, and the servers went most of the way to the ceiling. There was a small opening in the centre of the room where a massive pipe stood, and on all four sides of it was a small computer. Then Dr. Sylas Finch walked around the pipe. 
“I see you have found the main console,” he says, more calm than should be possible. Then the elongated creature lunges at him from around a pile of servers and passes right through him.
“Oh, I think you missed me, little buddy. Maybe you might want these back,” says Dr. Finch. He waves his hand to the side, and a locker opens up nearby. Inside is a pair of dog tags. The elongated creature curiously moves towards it while being cautious of any tricks that may be on the way. It picks them up, and I see the pain in its eyes from seeing them. Though quickly that pain turns into anger. I see its face contort, and its fingers seem to get longer and sharper. What is happening to this thing? But it starts moving to destroy the servers. If it destroys the servers, we will be locked in here.
“No! Breaking the servers will trap us here,” I yell at it. This makes Dr. Sylas give an amused look to us.
So instead of the creature moving to destroy the servers, it starts to claw at the ceiling, taking massive chunks of the ceiling out with each stroke. I started to move towards the main console, but lost my balance and fell forward. The creature notices this and softens. It picks me up gently and places me in front of the console before it starts to rise into the ceiling with more dust and rocks falling out behind it. The console powered on when I touched it, and the ArrowSmart logo appeared on its screen. Then, as it finished booting up, I noticed the command line. In that line, I type “sudo rm -rf /” to delete everything. Then the loading bar popped up on the screen to tell me that the deletion had started. 
I attempted to turn and collapsed on the ground. I heard a scream from above; the creature climbed back down, picked me up, and helped pull me to the staircase on the other end of the room. As we climbed, I felt myself start to slip. I did everything that I could to stay up, but everything started to swing and buckle. I tried to focus, but the swaying world wouldn’t let me. As we reached a large metal hatch, I was set down and started to scream from the pain of having weight on my heels and ribs. Soon, there was light flooding in from above, but everything started to go fuzzy, and I fought to stay awake, knowing that if I went to sleep, I might not wake back up. I saw the outline of a tower before I saw a blurring forest. My eyes shut for a second, and when I opened my eyes again, I was on the ground outside another tower. I attempted to pull myself along the ground, but didn’t have enough strength to go far. The pain was impossible to ignore; every cell in my body was on fire, and every movement made my vision go white from the pain. Where was I? I tried to call for help, but all that came out was a pained yell that sounded like something a person who was on death's doorstep, yet too determined to die. 
The door started to open, and a figure looked out. I couldn’t make them out, but I heard them yell “Holy shit!” Their voice echoed around my head and was painfully loud. Their voice was feminine, but I couldn’t tell through the pain. They started to sprint down their stairs and towards me. Before they could make it to me, the ground rocked, and there was a massive column of smoke rising in the distance. They looked at me before looking back up towards the smoke, seemingly rattled by the turn of events. They leaned over and grabbed me under my armpits and started to pull me along the ground. The pulling motion made me groan with pain. I heard them say “you are going to be ok,” but their words hurt my head as they bounced around recklessly. 
As we reached the stairs, they set me down, leaning me against the post that supported the stairs. They were saying something, but I couldn’t make it out; all I could do was groan in pain. They started to sprint back up the stairs before coming back with a table. They attempted to pull me up onto this table, but it seemed that they were not able to lift me high enough to get me on the table. Though they quickly gave up and started to pull me up the stairs, repeating a word over and over, which only served to create more pain. Every step creates another jolt of pain that violently makes me want to vomit, though I was struggling to breathe. But suddenly I started to feel liquid running down the entire length of my body, and I couldn’t see it as my vision was going dark.
When my vision returned, I was in a room, sprawled out on the floor. The room looked to be made of wood; it had various pieces of furniture in it, as well as a large bed off to the side. Where was I? There was a woman sitting in a chair, and she seemed excited when my eyes started to move. I tried to move, but she reached out to keep me still. 
“You are going to be fine, I have you,” she said. Her voice was vaguely familiar. I couldn’t be at Tower 8 as it was too far, but it was the closest tower to me without me having to go up the mountain. When I moved my head to look at my body, I saw that I was wrapped in a collage of different fabrics; there was everything from dish towels to bedsheets to shirts all wrapped around my body. They seem to have helped. Then she lets go slowly, and the memories of everything that has just happened start to come back. She looked at me with a concerned glance.
“Let's start with an easy question. What is your name?” she asked. This has to be Saran, but how, how would I have gotten here?
“My name is Varize. Are you Saran?” I ask. The shock on her face was beyond what I was expecting. Her next question could have been guessed easily, though. 
“What… what happened to you?” she asked. Her face dropped as she asked this. I craned my head up so that I could look out over the forest as all of the windows were now open, the smoke was still billowing, and for once in a good amount of time, I knew that this was real.
“That is a long story, and I don’t know if we have the time,” I said. “I lost track of reality for a while, but I am back. I don’t actually know how long I was gone or exactly where I went, but what happened was definitely long and hard to believe.”
“That didn’t answer the question I asked,” she said, “I want to know why you are in such bad shape and have been gone for three days.” She sounded genuinely worried.
“I am tired and probably shouldn’t speak too much. It has been a long time for me and probably longer for you.” I replied, trying not to tell all of what happened and explain the many things that have and will haunt him in the future. 
“Ok, but you better have answers for me when you wake up from your little nap,” she said sternly, sounding somewhat like a mother who expected a child to tell them what they did wrong. I closed my eyes and attempted to go to sleep, but as soon as I lost consciousness, my mind flashed images through my head of the terrifying things I had just experienced: a creature outside my tower window, a creature coming out of a camera that was placed on the table of my tower, the boulders and all of the machinery there, and the elongated creatures. All while the creepy lo-fi was playing in the background. When I woke, Saran was staring outside in shock. I could only see half of her face, and there may have been some terror on it. The radio was playing the creepy lo-fi, and it was getting dark outside.
“What is happening?” I asked. 
“What are those things?” she asked immediately, not even turning to face me. 
“I don’t know, I cannot see them, can I get up yet?” I asked. She turned her head and gave me an annoyed look. 
“Sure, I don’t see why not at this point,” she said. “If you pass out or bleed out, it is your fault,” she looks back at the creatures outside. I attempt to stand, but get lightheaded from lying down for so long. When the world finally stills, I walk to the window and see the elongated creatures standing outside, filling the clearing. When they see me, one by one, they raise one hand and create this bass rattling sound that shakes me until I fall over again. I feel the pain in my ribs from the sudden fall, but I think that I will be fine. I get back up and find that they have crowded around the door.
“Let them in, they are friends,” I tell Saran. She gives me a sideways look and seems frightened of me for a moment, so I continue, “They helped me escape and get to you.” This seems to calm her. She opens the door, and they all flood into the room. The tallest one puts his hands on my chest, and I feel the pain and pressure on my chest fade. I feel as though I can breathe again. I think it just healed my ribs. When Saran sees the pain fall off my face, she seems overjoyed but also a little suspicious.
“What just happened?” she asks, seeming to be cautious. The tallest one turns to her and says in its deep rumbling voice, “he had a mortal wound, I fix,” it says. I notice that in the back, the small one that helped me is standing there with its dog tags around its neck. It looks to me and says in its deep voice, “Thank you.” 
Saran must have realized that they just wanted to thank me and asked, “So you helped them?”
“Yeah, but they also helped me,” I said
“He took down ArrowSmart and freed us all from them,” one of the elongated creatures said.
“Who?” she asked, seeming quite confused. “Who is ArrowSmart?”
“They were a tech company that experimented on people in this area,” I reply, hoping that will explain what happened to me.
“Is that what happened to you? Did they experiment on you?” She sounded worried about me being experimented on.
“Yes, they did, but I escaped and fought to destroy them. They lied to me and tried to make me submit to them. One of the researchers helped me escape by leading me to their backdoor exit.” I told her. I don’t think that she would understand why I went back, though, even if she had everything explained. She looked out over the forest, and I noticed that it was getting dark fast. What would we do once the sun went down? If there were any more ArrowSmart employees, they would certainly come for us. Just then, Saran spoke up, “We should sleep. Can you guys go out there and keep watch? Do you need sleep?” she asked.
“We keep watch, you rest,” the tallest of the elongated creatures said.
“Ok,” Saran said. I told her to sleep in the blanketless bed, and that I would sleep on the floor, but she wouldn’t take it. We fought on it for about 30 minutes before deciding that I would sleep on the floor and she would sleep on the bed. Though when I went to sleep this time, it wasn’t flashes, and it wasn’t the forest that I saw; it was a twisting corridor that I was moving through. I must have been going very fast because I couldn’t make out any of the details of the corridor itself. All I could tell was that it was full of curving windows and clean white floors. The area directly outside the windows was pitch black, and I couldn’t see anything outside, though that could be from the speed at which I was moving. Was I moving? Or were the walls shifting around me? I couldn’t really tell; the only evidence for me moving was the occasional object to zoom past me or a support for one of the windows to move past me. There was nothing behind me, so I have no clue why I am moving so fast through this area. After what seemed like forever of moving at this speed, I started to slow down in front of a room. There was a person in it, but they were fuzzy in the crisp and clean environment that we were in. They had vague colors covering them, and they looked like they were studying for something, but what were they studying for? I couldn’t move to get a better look at what they were doing, but they were definitely reading something and taking notes. There was something written on a plaque on the front of his desk, which said “80919.” Who is 80919? Is it a patient number? A serial number? Why would they put that on his desk? Slowly, parts of the figure came into more focus, and I started to glide towards it. First, the arms, which were bare even though they looked like they had something on them earlier. Then the torso, which was wearing a hospital gown, and soon, the only thing left was the face. I couldn’t make out the face, no matter how hard I tried. I also saw that they weren’t studying; they were taking a test. When I stopped moving forward, I kept hearing “Varize” over and over again. But every time I heard it, it sounded louder. Almost like a drum being beaten over and over again, with its boom being strengthened by each coming beat. 
Then something pushed my shoulder, and I was back in the tower with Saran pushing my shoulder. It was still dark out. I check the clock, 4:10. Damn, it was early.
“Why wouldn’t you wake up? You scared me,” she said.
“I don’t know. I was sleeping.” I said. “What's up? What is happening that I needed to be woke so soon?”
“The creatures outside say that we need to leave,” she says right before we hear a helicopter fly overhead towards the growing wall of smoke. Right, that.
When I get up, I notice that quite a few of my makeshift bandages are gone. Where had they gone? Did they get taken off by Saran in my sleep? When I look over, I see the sink is full of steaming water, and the towels and shirts that made up the bandages once covering my arms and legs are floating in the sink. The bedsheets that were covering my chest were still there. My arms look fine, other than the grime and blood that covered them. 
They were spraying water all over the fire at this point; we really did have to leave. We swung the door open and saw that the elongated creatures were standing on all fours now, and they didn’t seem to be uncomfortable or stretched in any kind of way, unlike how a person would get on all fours. One of them said, “Get on,” so we just jumped on one, and they took off at a blinding pace. I saw the flashes of firefighters as we passed them, and I noticed that there was a massive fire out here. Did I cause this? As the trees whizzed by, I started to see flecks of road and even a few cars. There was even a van for the local news station, probably here to report on the fire. There was a crew getting out of the van, and they seemed to be looking at us. I couldn’t see their faces, but I could tell that this was probably the craziest thing they would ever see. After crossing the highway, I noticed that the highway was just a frame, as if it had been just one out of a movie.
________________
EPILOGUE
“Hello and welcome to the KOLO 8 news report, we have a news report out of Weed California.” a lady on the TV screen states, behind her is the classic KOLO 8 logo with a blue background that fills the rest of the screen, she continues saying“There has been a major wildfire outbreak and Reno inhabitants should be warned about a heightened air quality alert as smoke rolls in from the fire. We have our field reporter Tessa at the scene.” the screen switches to a screen of bright orange flames with a person so backlit that they are nothing more than a shadowed silhouette. The only thing visible is the glow from her eyes from the strong lighting that they put in front of her to attempt to counteract the light from behind her.
“So, as many of you already know, last night a fire sprang up out in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest. Currently, firefighters have only contained about 20 percent of the fire, with it still spreading. Local authorities have claimed that it was an arsonist under the name of Varize Anderson. They say that he got a job out here as a fire watch with the intent of burning the forest down, and they even have a journal from him stating this intent. Though the locals have some very different ideas as to the origins of the fire,” the camera switches again to a ragged man who seems to have been in the fire, he is covered in soot and his hair looks singed.
“There was a company out in the centre of the forest that was experimenting on hikers, rangers, even the firewatch. They were doing all this in secret without any permission.” The screen flicked back to reporter Tessa. Nothing had changed about her scenery or her.
“As you have heard, there are many conflicting ideas about the origin of this fire. Though it is infinitely more likely for there to be an arsonist. Now back to HQ.” The screen flicked back to the KOLO 8 logo with the same woman as before sitting in front of the logo. A face appears next to her; it is the face of Varize. 
“If anyone sees this figure, please report it to your local authorities. He is wanted and highly dangerous. If you see him, do not interact; he may have harmful intent toward other people. Our next story is -” her voice gets cut off by static.
Everything gets covered in static.
Now, a room full of office desks and employees fills the room. They are all talking to each other, some are filling out paperwork, others are on the phone, but they are all talking. Each voice sounds panicked, almost as if they didn’t expect anything important to happen today. Their voices interlap in such a way that not a single voice can be made out, but everything quiets as a man enters the front of the room. “All ArrowSmart employees, we need to ensure that someone answers for the forest. Please ensure that the stories sound accurate. If they are too out there, no one will believe them. We also need someone to sow doubt in our story; they must look like a conspiracy nut, or they will be taken seriously by the major community.” One of the ones at the front of the room pipes up, stating, 
“Already taken care of, sir. We have a cover story that makes patient 95 seem like the villain. Soon, a nationwide manhunt will ensue. By the end of the week, he will be back in our hands.” Before the employee could speak up anymore, the man held his hand up.
“We don’t need the country on him; we already know where he is. Let's hope this mess-up doesn’t let him know that we are still out there. We don’t need him coming back to finish us off. 
The room is suddenly replaced by an office. It is quiet, on the desk is a newspaper; it is from the Mount Shasta Herald. The title reads:


MOUNT SHASTA HERALD
6/14/2026
LOCAL FIRE WATCHMAN COMMITS ARSON IN THE SHASTA-TRINITY FOREST
Authorities issue immediate arrest warrant for Varize Anderson after wildfire breaks out.


MOUNT SHASTA, CA — Siskiyou County law enforcement has mobilized a major manhunt for the arsonist Varize Anderson. State fire investigators have confirmed that Varize Anderson intentionally accelerated the explosion that started the fire just off Highway 89. This fire started around noon on Saturday. It is suspected that Varize Anderson used an exposed cave system to fuel the explosion. As a result of this explosion, a major sinkhole has opened up. The explosion has melted the stone and created a 500-foot crater in the ground. Local authorities have cause to believe that Varize Anderson didn’t flee alone and took Saran Peterson against her will as well. Authorities warn about approaching Varize Anderson directly as he is considered to be armed, mentally unstable, and highly dangerous. If you see him, please dial 911 immediately. Do not approach or interact with him; he may try to flee if he notices that you are calling the police. Do not follow him in the case in which he flees the site


Besides, the newspaper is a freshly made name plaque reading, “Sterling Null.” The text under the name read, “Standing CEO.”
The next room is a dark room with old CRTV monitors that cover one wall. Each one showing a room to a house, some even showing the same room as another one. On these TVs you can see Varize and Saran sitting on a couch having a conversation though the TVs don’t transmit the sound from the room. On the desk directly in front of the TVs is a pair of headphones and a small tablet. On the tablet is a layout of a house, each room has its own button, though none are currently selected.
Another cut, this time there is now a crouded lobby, on one of the walls is the logo for ArrowSmart, the chatter of all of the people fills the room. All of the walls have at least one TV on them showcasing a syncinized video showcasing their products. They sell everything from watches to phones to smart home systems. All of which are bening shown on the screens that decorate the walls.
________________


Extras
THE ILLUSION BROKE. NOW THE FIGHT BEGINS.
Varize thought his new job as a fire watchman in the isolated mountains of Northern California was the perfect escape. He expected nothing but endless trees, a lonely tower, and peace of mind.
He didn't expect the forest to be a simulation.
Ripping himself free from a corporate stasis pod, Varize does the impossible: he breaks out. He wakes up to find himself deep within the cold, concrete subterranean facilities of ArrowSmart—a ruthless tech conglomerate harvesting human minds.
Trapped underground with a severely damaged body and corporate security closing in, Varize must rely entirely on his wits and tech skills to survive. To stand any chance of escaping ArrowSmart's grasp, he has to navigate a high-tech labyrinth of armed guards, automated drones, and terrifying corporate secrets.
But in the real world, actions have blood-soaked consequences—and finding a way out of the matrix will force him to pay a brutal price just to win a desperate, temporary freedom.














Similar content that would make up parts of this book:
Tower 4 by 7lamb
The left right game or blackwood (podcasts)
Firewatch
FNAF
The Stanly Paritable
Portal
SuperHot
The Matrix
The Trueman Show
The Cabin in the Woods
Severence
Slender Man
Marble Hornets
Wayward Pines by Blake Crouch